E: Sub-process /usr/bin/dpkg returned an error code (1)
mendel@tpu-mini:/mnt/mendel$ cd /var/lib/dpkg/info/
mendel@tpu-mini:/var/lib/dpkg/info$ ls
a71ch-crypto-support.conffiles                 libnm0:arm64.md5sums
a71ch-crypto-support.list                      libnm0:arm64.shlibs
a71ch-crypto-support.md5sums                   libnm0:arm64.symbols
adduser.conffiles                              libnm0:arm64.triggers
adduser.config                                 libnpth0:arm64.list
adduser.list                                   libnpth0:arm64.md5sums
adduser.md5sums                                libnpth0:arm64.shlibs
adduser.postinst                               libnpth0:arm64.symbols
adduser.postrm                                 libnpth0:arm64.triggers
adduser.templates                              libnspr4:arm64.list
adwaita-icon-theme.list                        libnspr4:arm64.md5sums
adwaita-icon-theme.md5sums                     libnspr4:arm64.symbols
adwaita-icon-theme.postinst                    libnspr4:arm64.triggers
adwaita-icon-theme.postrm                      libnss3:arm64.list
adwaita-icon-theme.prerm                       libnss3:arm64.md5sums
alsa-utils.conffiles                           libnss3:arm64.symbols
alsa-utils.list                                libnss3:arm64.triggers
alsa-utils.md5sums                             libnss-mdns:arm64.list
alsa-utils.postinst                            libnss-mdns:arm64.md5sums
alsa-utils.postrm                              libnss-mdns:arm64.postinst
alsa-utils.preinst                             libnss-mdns:arm64.postrm
alsa-utils.prerm                               libnss-mdns:arm64.shlibs
apt.conffiles                                  libnss-mdns:arm64.triggers
aptitude-common.list                           libnuma1:arm64.list
aptitude-common.md5sums                        libnuma1:arm64.md5sums
aptitude.conffiles                             libnuma1:arm64.shlibs
aptitude.list                                  libnuma1:arm64.symbols
aptitude.md5sums                               libnuma1:arm64.triggers
aptitude.postinst                              libofa0:arm64.list
aptitude.postrm                                libofa0:arm64.md5sums
aptitude.prerm                                 libofa0:arm64.shlibs
apt.list                                       libofa0:arm64.symbols
apt-listchanges.conffiles                      libofa0:arm64.triggers
apt-listchanges.config                         libogg0:arm64.list
apt-listchanges.list                           libogg0:arm64.md5sums
apt-listchanges.md5sums                        libogg0:arm64.shlibs
apt-listchanges.postinst                       libogg0:arm64.symbols
apt-listchanges.postrm                         libogg0:arm64.triggers
apt-listchanges.preinst                        libopenal1:arm64.list
apt-listchanges.prerm                          libopenal1:arm64.md5sums
apt-listchanges.templates                      libopenal1:arm64.shlibs
apt.md5sums                                    libopenal1:arm64.symbols
apt.postinst                                   libopenal1:arm64.triggers
apt.postrm                                     libopenal-data.conffiles
apt.preinst                                    libopenal-data.list
apt.prerm                                      libopenal-data.md5sums
apt.shlibs                                     libopencore-amrnb0:arm64.list
apt-transport-https.list                       libopencore-amrnb0:arm64.md5sums
apt-transport-https.md5sums                    libopencore-amrnb0:arm64.shlibs
apt.triggers                                   libopencore-amrnb0:arm64.triggers
apt-utils.list                                 libopencore-amrwb0:arm64.list
apt-utils.md5sums                              libopencore-amrwb0:arm64.md5sums
at-spi2-core.conffiles                         libopencore-amrwb0:arm64.shlibs
at-spi2-core.list                              libopencore-amrwb0:arm64.triggers
at-spi2-core.md5sums                           libopenexr23:arm64.list
at-spi2-core.postinst                          libopenexr23:arm64.md5sums
at-spi2-core.postrm                            libopenexr23:arm64.shlibs
at-spi2-core.preinst                           libopenexr23:arm64.triggers
at-spi2-core.prerm                             libopengl0:arm64.list
avahi-daemon.conffiles                         libopengl0:arm64.md5sums
avahi-daemon.list                              libopengl0:arm64.shlibs
avahi-daemon.md5sums                           libopengl0:arm64.symbols
avahi-daemon.postinst                          libopengl0:arm64.triggers
avahi-daemon.postrm                            libopenjp2-7:arm64.list
avahi-daemon.preinst                           libopenjp2-7:arm64.md5sums
avahi-daemon.prerm                             libopenjp2-7:arm64.shlibs
base-files.conffiles                           libopenjp2-7:arm64.symbols
base-files.list                                libopenjp2-7:arm64.triggers
base-files.md5sums                             libopenmpt0:arm64.list
base-files.postinst                            libopenmpt0:arm64.md5sums
base-files.preinst                             libopenmpt0:arm64.shlibs
base-passwd.list                               libopenmpt0:arm64.symbols
base-passwd.md5sums                            libopenmpt0:arm64.triggers
base-passwd.postinst                           libopus0:arm64.list
base-passwd.postrm                             libopus0:arm64.md5sums
base-passwd.preinst                            libopus0:arm64.shlibs
base-passwd.templates                          libopus0:arm64.symbols
bash-completion.conffiles                      libopus0:arm64.triggers
bash-completion.list                           liborc-0.4-0:arm64.list
bash-completion.md5sums                        liborc-0.4-0:arm64.md5sums
bash-completion.postinst                       liborc-0.4-0:arm64.shlibs
bash-completion.postrm                         liborc-0.4-0:arm64.triggers
bash-completion.preinst                        libosmesa6:arm64.list
bash-completion.prerm                          libosmesa6:arm64.md5sums
bash.conffiles                                 libosmesa6:arm64.shlibs
bash.list                                      libosmesa6:arm64.triggers
bash.md5sums                                   libp11-kit0:arm64.list
bash.postinst                                  libp11-kit0:arm64.md5sums
bash.postrm                                    libp11-kit0:arm64.shlibs
bash.preinst                                   libp11-kit0:arm64.symbols
bash.prerm                                     libp11-kit0:arm64.triggers
bind9-host.list                                libpackagekit-glib2-18:arm64.list
bind9-host.md5sums                             libpackagekit-glib2-18:arm64.md5sums
binutils-aarch64-linux-gnu.list                libpackagekit-glib2-18:arm64.shlibs
binutils-aarch64-linux-gnu.md5sums             libpackagekit-glib2-18:arm64.symbols
binutils-common:arm64.list                     libpackagekit-glib2-18:arm64.triggers
binutils-common:arm64.md5sums                  libpam0g:arm64.list
binutils.list                                  libpam0g:arm64.md5sums
binutils.md5sums                               libpam0g:arm64.postinst
bluez.conffiles                                libpam0g:arm64.postrm
bluez.list                                     libpam0g:arm64.shlibs
bluez.md5sums                                  libpam0g:arm64.symbols
bluez.postinst                                 libpam0g:arm64.templates
bluez.postrm                                   libpam0g:arm64.triggers
bluez.preinst                                  libpam-modules:arm64.conffiles
bluez.prerm                                    libpam-modules:arm64.list
bsdmainutils.conffiles                         libpam-modules:arm64.md5sums
bsdmainutils.list                              libpam-modules:arm64.postinst
bsdmainutils.md5sums                           libpam-modules:arm64.postrm
bsdmainutils.postinst                          libpam-modules:arm64.preinst
bsdmainutils.prerm                             libpam-modules:arm64.templates
bsdutils.list                                  libpam-modules-bin.list
bsdutils.md5sums                               libpam-modules-bin.md5sums
build-essential.list                           libpam-runtime.conffiles
build-essential.md5sums                        libpam-runtime.list
bzip2.list                                     libpam-runtime.md5sums
bzip2.md5sums                                  libpam-runtime.postinst
ca-certificates.config                         libpam-runtime.postrm
ca-certificates.list                           libpam-runtime.prerm
ca-certificates.md5sums                        libpam-runtime.templates
ca-certificates.postinst                       libpam-systemd:arm64.list
ca-certificates.postrm                         libpam-systemd:arm64.md5sums
ca-certificates.templates                      libpam-systemd:arm64.postinst
ca-certificates.triggers                       libpam-systemd:arm64.prerm
coreutils.list                                 libpango-1.0-0:arm64.list
coreutils.md5sums                              libpango-1.0-0:arm64.md5sums
coreutils.postinst                             libpango-1.0-0:arm64.shlibs
coreutils.postrm                               libpango-1.0-0:arm64.symbols
cpio.list                                      libpango-1.0-0:arm64.triggers
cpio.md5sums                                   libpangocairo-1.0-0:arm64.list
cpio.postinst                                  libpangocairo-1.0-0:arm64.md5sums
cpio.prerm                                     libpangocairo-1.0-0:arm64.shlibs
cpp-8.list                                     libpangocairo-1.0-0:arm64.symbols
cpp-8.md5sums                                  libpangocairo-1.0-0:arm64.triggers
cpp.list                                       libpangoft2-1.0-0:arm64.list
cpp.md5sums                                    libpangoft2-1.0-0:arm64.md5sums
cpp.postinst                                   libpangoft2-1.0-0:arm64.shlibs
cpp.prerm                                      libpangoft2-1.0-0:arm64.symbols
crda.conffiles                                 libpangoft2-1.0-0:arm64.triggers
crda.list                                      libpangoxft-1.0-0:arm64.list
crda.md5sums                                   libpangoxft-1.0-0:arm64.md5sums
cron.conffiles                                 libpangoxft-1.0-0:arm64.shlibs
cron.list                                      libpangoxft-1.0-0:arm64.symbols
cron.md5sums                                   libpangoxft-1.0-0:arm64.triggers
cron.postinst                                  libparted2:arm64.list
cron.postrm                                    libparted2:arm64.md5sums
cron.prerm                                     libparted2:arm64.shlibs
crossbuild-essential-arm64.list                libparted2:arm64.symbols
crossbuild-essential-arm64.md5sums             libparted2:arm64.triggers
cross-config.conffiles                         libpci3:arm64.list
cross-config.list                              libpci3:arm64.md5sums
cross-config.md5sums                           libpci3:arm64.shlibs
curl.list                                      libpci3:arm64.triggers
curl.md5sums                                   libpcre2-8-0:arm64.list
dash.config                                    libpcre2-8-0:arm64.md5sums
dash.list                                      libpcre2-8-0:arm64.shlibs
dash.md5sums                                   libpcre2-8-0:arm64.triggers
dash.postinst                                  libpcre3:arm64.list
dash.postrm                                    libpcre3:arm64.md5sums
dash.prerm                                     libpcre3:arm64.shlibs
dash.templates                                 libpcre3:arm64.symbols
dbus.conffiles                                 libpcre3:arm64.triggers
dbus.list                                      libpcsclite1:arm64.list
dbus.md5sums                                   libpcsclite1:arm64.md5sums
dbus.postinst                                  libpcsclite1:arm64.shlibs
dbus.postrm                                    libpcsclite1:arm64.symbols
dbus.preinst                                   libpcsclite1:arm64.triggers
dbus.prerm                                     libperl5.28:arm64.list
dbus.triggers                                  libperl5.28:arm64.md5sums
dbus-user-session.conffiles                    libperl5.28:arm64.shlibs
dbus-user-session.list                         libperl5.28:arm64.symbols
dbus-user-session.md5sums                      libperl5.28:arm64.triggers
dconf-gsettings-backend:arm64.list             libpipeline1:arm64.list
dconf-gsettings-backend:arm64.md5sums          libpipeline1:arm64.md5sums
dconf-service.list                             libpipeline1:arm64.shlibs
dconf-service.md5sums                          libpipeline1:arm64.symbols
debconf.conffiles                              libpipeline1:arm64.triggers
debconf.config                                 libpixman-1-0:arm64.list
debconf-i18n.list                              libpixman-1-0:arm64.md5sums
debconf-i18n.md5sums                           libpixman-1-0:arm64.shlibs
debconf.list                                   libpixman-1-0:arm64.symbols
debconf.md5sums                                libpixman-1-0:arm64.triggers
debconf.postinst                               libpng16-16:arm64.list
debconf.postrm                                 libpng16-16:arm64.md5sums
debconf.preinst                                libpng16-16:arm64.shlibs
debconf.prerm                                  libpng16-16:arm64.triggers
debconf.templates                              libpng-dev:arm64.list
debian-archive-keyring.conffiles               libpng-dev:arm64.md5sums
debian-archive-keyring.list                    libpolkit-agent-1-0:arm64.list
debian-archive-keyring.md5sums                 libpolkit-agent-1-0:arm64.md5sums
debian-archive-keyring.postinst                libpolkit-agent-1-0:arm64.shlibs
debian-archive-keyring.postrm                  libpolkit-agent-1-0:arm64.symbols
debian-archive-keyring.preinst                 libpolkit-agent-1-0:arm64.triggers
debian-archive-keyring.prerm                   libpolkit-backend-1-0:arm64.list
debian-faq.list                                libpolkit-backend-1-0:arm64.md5sums
debian-faq.md5sums                             libpolkit-backend-1-0:arm64.shlibs
debianutils.list                               libpolkit-backend-1-0:arm64.symbols
debianutils.md5sums                            libpolkit-backend-1-0:arm64.triggers
debianutils.postinst                           libpolkit-gobject-1-0:arm64.list
debianutils.postrm                             libpolkit-gobject-1-0:arm64.md5sums
device-tree-compiler.list                      libpolkit-gobject-1-0:arm64.shlibs
device-tree-compiler.md5sums                   libpolkit-gobject-1-0:arm64.symbols
dh-python.list                                 libpolkit-gobject-1-0:arm64.triggers
dh-python.md5sums                              libpopt0:arm64.list
dh-python.postinst                             libpopt0:arm64.md5sums
dh-python.preinst                              libpopt0:arm64.shlibs
dh-python.prerm                                libpopt0:arm64.symbols
dialog.list                                    libpopt0:arm64.triggers
dialog.md5sums                                 libprocps7:arm64.list
diffutils.list                                 libprocps7:arm64.md5sums
diffutils.md5sums                              libprocps7:arm64.shlibs
dirmngr.list                                   libprocps7:arm64.triggers
dirmngr.md5sums                                libprotobuf17:arm64.list
dirmngr.postinst                               libprotobuf17:arm64.md5sums
dirmngr.postrm                                 libprotobuf17:arm64.shlibs
dirmngr.preinst                                libprotobuf17:arm64.triggers
dirmngr.prerm                                  libprotobuf-c1:arm64.list
distro-info-data.list                          libprotobuf-c1:arm64.md5sums
distro-info-data.md5sums                       libprotobuf-c1:arm64.shlibs
dmidecode.list                                 libprotobuf-c1:arm64.symbols
dmidecode.md5sums                              libprotobuf-c1:arm64.triggers
dmsetup.list                                   libproxy1v5:arm64.list
dmsetup.md5sums                                libproxy1v5:arm64.md5sums
dmsetup.postinst                               libproxy1v5:arm64.shlibs
dnsmasq-base.conffiles                         libproxy1v5:arm64.triggers
dnsmasq-base.list                              libpsl5:arm64.list
dnsmasq-base.md5sums                           libpsl5:arm64.md5sums
dnsmasq-base.postinst                          libpsl5:arm64.shlibs
dnsmasq-base.postrm                            libpsl5:arm64.symbols
dnsmasq.conffiles                              libpsl5:arm64.triggers
dnsmasq.list                                   libpthread-stubs0-dev:arm64.list
dnsmasq.md5sums                                libpthread-stubs0-dev:arm64.md5sums
dnsmasq.postinst                               libpulse0:arm64.conffiles
dnsmasq.postrm                                 libpulse0:arm64.list
dnsmasq.prerm                                  libpulse0:arm64.md5sums
doc-debian.list                                libpulse0:arm64.shlibs
doc-debian.md5sums                             libpulse0:arm64.symbols
docker.io.conffiles                            libpulse0:arm64.triggers
docker.io.list                                 libpulsedsp:arm64.list
docker.io.md5sums                              libpulsedsp:arm64.md5sums
docker.io.postinst                             libpython2.7:arm64.list
docker.io.postrm                               libpython2.7:arm64.md5sums
docker.io.preinst                              libpython2.7:arm64.shlibs
docker.io.prerm                                libpython2.7:arm64.symbols
dpkg.conffiles                                 libpython2.7:arm64.triggers
dpkg-cross.list                                libpython2.7-dev:arm64.list
dpkg-cross.md5sums                             libpython2.7-dev:arm64.md5sums
dpkg-cross.postinst                            libpython2.7-minimal:arm64.conffiles
dpkg-cross.postrm                              libpython2.7-minimal:arm64.list
dpkg-cross.preinst                             libpython2.7-minimal:arm64.md5sums
dpkg-cross.prerm                               libpython2.7-minimal:arm64.postinst
dpkg-dev.conffiles                             libpython2.7-minimal:arm64.postrm
dpkg-dev.list                                  libpython2.7-minimal:arm64.prerm
dpkg-dev.md5sums                               libpython2.7-stdlib:arm64.list
dpkg.list                                      libpython2.7-stdlib:arm64.md5sums
dpkg.md5sums                                   libpython2.7-stdlib:arm64.prerm
dpkg.postinst                                  libpython2-dev:arm64.list
dpkg.postrm                                    libpython2-dev:arm64.md5sums
e2fsprogs.conffiles                            libpython2-stdlib:arm64.list
e2fsprogs.list                                 libpython2-stdlib:arm64.md5sums
e2fsprogs.md5sums                              libpython3.7:arm64.list
e2fsprogs.postinst                             libpython3.7:arm64.md5sums
e2fsprogs.preinst                              libpython3.7:arm64.shlibs
edgetpudemo.list                               libpython3.7:arm64.symbols
edgetpudemo.md5sums                            libpython3.7:arm64.triggers
ethtool.conffiles                              libpython3.7-dev:arm64.list
ethtool.list                                   libpython3.7-dev:arm64.md5sums
ethtool.md5sums                                libpython3.7-minimal:arm64.conffiles
excelsior-bluetooth.conffiles                  libpython3.7-minimal:arm64.list
excelsior-bluetooth.list                       libpython3.7-minimal:arm64.md5sums
excelsior-bluetooth.md5sums                    libpython3.7-minimal:arm64.postinst
excelsior-bluetooth.postinst                   libpython3.7-minimal:arm64.postrm
excelsior-bluetooth.postrm                     libpython3.7-minimal:arm64.prerm
excelsior-bluetooth.prerm                      libpython3.7-stdlib:arm64.list
excelsior-bootloader.list                      libpython3.7-stdlib:arm64.md5sums
excelsior-bootloader.md5sums                   libpython3.7-stdlib:arm64.prerm
excelsior-bootloader.postinst                  libpython3-dev:arm64.list
excelsior-bootloader.postrm                    libpython3-dev:arm64.md5sums
excelsior-bootloader.prerm                     libpython3-stdlib:arm64.list
excelsior-connectivity-fw.conffiles            libpython3-stdlib:arm64.md5sums
excelsior-connectivity-fw.list                 libpython-dev:arm64.list
excelsior-connectivity-fw.md5sums              libpython-dev:arm64.md5sums
excelsior-core.list                            libpython-stdlib:arm64.list
excelsior-core.md5sums                         libpython-stdlib:arm64.md5sums
excelsior-gui.list                             libraw1394-11:arm64.list
excelsior-gui.md5sums                          libraw1394-11:arm64.md5sums
excelsior-img-fw.conffiles                     libraw1394-11:arm64.shlibs
excelsior-img-fw.list                          libraw1394-11:arm64.triggers
excelsior-img-fw.md5sums                       libreadline7:arm64.list
excelsior-img-fw.shlibs                        libreadline7:arm64.md5sums
excelsior-img-fw.triggers                      libreadline7:arm64.shlibs
excelsior-tools.conffiles                      libreadline7:arm64.symbols
excelsior-tools.list                           libreadline7:arm64.triggers
excelsior-tools.md5sums                        librest-0.7-0:arm64.list
excelsior-tools.postinst                       librest-0.7-0:arm64.md5sums
excelsior-tools.postrm                         librest-0.7-0:arm64.shlibs
excelsior-tools.prerm                          librest-0.7-0:arm64.symbols
excelsior-vpu-prebuilts.list                   librest-0.7-0:arm64.triggers
excelsior-vpu-prebuilts.md5sums                librsvg2-2:arm64.list
excelsior-vpu-prebuilts.postinst               librsvg2-2:arm64.md5sums
excelsior-vpu-prebuilts.postrm                 librsvg2-2:arm64.shlibs
excelsior-vpu-prebuilts.prerm                  librsvg2-2:arm64.symbols
excelsior-wlan.list                            librsvg2-2:arm64.triggers
excelsior-wlan.md5sums                         librsvg2-common:arm64.list
excelsior-wlan.postinst                        librsvg2-common:arm64.md5sums
excelsior-wlan.postrm                          librsvg2-common:arm64.postinst
fdisk.list                                     librtmp1:arm64.list
fdisk.md5sums                                  librtmp1:arm64.md5sums
file.list                                      librtmp1:arm64.shlibs
file.md5sums                                   librtmp1:arm64.symbols
findutils.list                                 librtmp1:arm64.triggers
findutils.md5sums                              libsamplerate0:arm64.list
fontconfig-config.conffiles                    libsamplerate0:arm64.md5sums
fontconfig-config.config                       libsamplerate0:arm64.shlibs
fontconfig-config.list                         libsamplerate0:arm64.symbols
fontconfig-config.md5sums                      libsamplerate0:arm64.triggers
fontconfig-config.postinst                     libsasl2-2:arm64.list
fontconfig-config.postrm                       libsasl2-2:arm64.md5sums
fontconfig-config.preinst                      libsasl2-2:arm64.shlibs
fontconfig-config.prerm                        libsasl2-2:arm64.triggers
fontconfig-config.templates                    libsasl2-modules-db:arm64.list
fontconfig.list                                libsasl2-modules-db:arm64.md5sums
fontconfig.md5sums                             libsbc1:arm64.list
fontconfig.postinst                            libsbc1:arm64.md5sums
fontconfig.postrm                              libsbc1:arm64.shlibs
fontconfig.triggers                            libsbc1:arm64.triggers
fonts-dejavu-core.conffiles                    libseccomp2:arm64.list
fonts-dejavu-core.list                         libseccomp2:arm64.md5sums
fonts-dejavu-core.md5sums                      libseccomp2:arm64.shlibs
format                                         libseccomp2:arm64.symbols
freeglut3:arm64.list                           libseccomp2:arm64.triggers
freeglut3:arm64.md5sums                        libselinux1:arm64.list
freeglut3:arm64.shlibs                         libselinux1:arm64.md5sums
freeglut3:arm64.triggers                       libselinux1:arm64.shlibs
g++-8.list                                     libselinux1:arm64.symbols
g++-8.md5sums                                  libselinux1:arm64.triggers
gcc-8-base:arm64.list                          libsemanage1:arm64.list
gcc-8-base:arm64.md5sums                       libsemanage1:arm64.md5sums
gcc-8.list                                     libsemanage1:arm64.shlibs
gcc-8.md5sums                                  libsemanage1:arm64.symbols
gcc.list                                       libsemanage1:arm64.triggers
gcc.md5sums                                    libsemanage-common.conffiles
gcc.postinst                                   libsemanage-common.list
gcc.prerm                                      libsemanage-common.md5sums
gettext-base.list                              libsensors5:arm64.list
gettext-base.md5sums                           libsensors5:arm64.md5sums
gettext-base.triggers                          libsensors5:arm64.preinst
gir1.2-atk-1.0:arm64.list                      libsensors5:arm64.shlibs
gir1.2-atk-1.0:arm64.md5sums                   libsensors5:arm64.symbols
gir1.2-freedesktop:arm64.list                  libsensors5:arm64.triggers
gir1.2-freedesktop:arm64.md5sums               libsensors-config.conffiles
gir1.2-gdkpixbuf-2.0:arm64.list                libsensors-config.list
gir1.2-gdkpixbuf-2.0:arm64.md5sums             libsensors-config.md5sums
gir1.2-glib-2.0:arm64.list                     libsepol1:arm64.list
gir1.2-glib-2.0:arm64.md5sums                  libsepol1:arm64.md5sums
gir1.2-gst-plugins-base-1.0:arm64.list         libsepol1:arm64.shlibs
gir1.2-gst-plugins-base-1.0:arm64.md5sums      libsepol1:arm64.symbols
gir1.2-gstreamer-1.0:arm64.list                libsepol1:arm64.triggers
gir1.2-gstreamer-1.0:arm64.md5sums             libshine3:arm64.list
gir1.2-gtk-3.0:arm64.list                      libshine3:arm64.md5sums
gir1.2-gtk-3.0:arm64.md5sums                   libshine3:arm64.shlibs
gir1.2-packagekitglib-1.0.list                 libshine3:arm64.symbols
gir1.2-packagekitglib-1.0.md5sums              libshine3:arm64.triggers
gir1.2-pango-1.0:arm64.list                    libshout3:arm64.list
gir1.2-pango-1.0:arm64.md5sums                 libshout3:arm64.md5sums
git.conffiles                                  libshout3:arm64.shlibs
git.list                                       libshout3:arm64.symbols
git-man.list                                   libshout3:arm64.triggers
git-man.md5sums                                libsidplay1v5:arm64.list
git.md5sums                                    libsidplay1v5:arm64.md5sums
git.postinst                                   libsidplay1v5:arm64.shlibs
git.postrm                                     libsidplay1v5:arm64.triggers
git.preinst                                    libsigc++-2.0-0v5:arm64.list
git.prerm                                      libsigc++-2.0-0v5:arm64.md5sums
glib-networking:arm64.list                     libsigc++-2.0-0v5:arm64.shlibs
glib-networking:arm64.md5sums                  libsigc++-2.0-0v5:arm64.symbols
glib-networking-common.list                    libsigc++-2.0-0v5:arm64.triggers
glib-networking-common.md5sums                 libslang2:arm64.list
glib-networking-services.list                  libslang2:arm64.md5sums
glib-networking-services.md5sums               libslang2:arm64.shlibs
g++.list                                       libslang2:arm64.symbols
glmark2.list                                   libslang2:arm64.triggers
glmark2.md5sums                                libsm6:arm64.list
g++.md5sums                                    libsm6:arm64.md5sums
gnupg-l10n.list                                libsm6:arm64.shlibs
gnupg-l10n.md5sums                             libsm6:arm64.triggers
gnupg.list                                     libsmartcols1:arm64.list
gnupg.md5sums                                  libsmartcols1:arm64.md5sums
gnupg-utils.list                               libsmartcols1:arm64.shlibs
gnupg-utils.md5sums                            libsmartcols1:arm64.symbols
gpg-agent.conffiles                            libsmartcols1:arm64.triggers
gpg-agent.list                                 libsnappy1v5:arm64.list
gpg-agent.md5sums                              libsnappy1v5:arm64.md5sums
gpgconf.list                                   libsnappy1v5:arm64.shlibs
gpgconf.md5sums                                libsnappy1v5:arm64.triggers
gpg.list                                       libsndfile1:arm64.list
gpg.md5sums                                    libsndfile1:arm64.md5sums
gpgsm.list                                     libsndfile1:arm64.shlibs
gpgsm.md5sums                                  libsndfile1:arm64.symbols
gpgv.list                                      libsndfile1:arm64.triggers
gpgv.md5sums                                   libsndio7.0:arm64.list
gpg-wks-client.list                            libsndio7.0:arm64.md5sums
gpg-wks-client.md5sums                         libsndio7.0:arm64.shlibs
gpg-wks-server.list                            libsndio7.0:arm64.symbols
gpg-wks-server.md5sums                         libsndio7.0:arm64.triggers
g++.postinst                                   libsoundtouch1:arm64.list
g++.prerm                                      libsoundtouch1:arm64.md5sums
grep.list                                      libsoundtouch1:arm64.shlibs
grep.md5sums                                   libsoundtouch1:arm64.triggers
groff-base.conffiles                           libsoup2.4-1:arm64.list
groff-base.list                                libsoup2.4-1:arm64.md5sums
groff-base.md5sums                             libsoup2.4-1:arm64.shlibs
gsettings-desktop-schemas.list                 libsoup2.4-1:arm64.symbols
gsettings-desktop-schemas.md5sums              libsoup2.4-1:arm64.triggers
gstreamer1.0-alsa:arm64.list                   libsoup-gnome2.4-1:arm64.list
gstreamer1.0-alsa:arm64.md5sums                libsoup-gnome2.4-1:arm64.md5sums
gstreamer1.0-gl:arm64.list                     libsoup-gnome2.4-1:arm64.shlibs
gstreamer1.0-gl:arm64.md5sums                  libsoup-gnome2.4-1:arm64.symbols
gstreamer1.0-plugins-bad:arm64.list            libsoup-gnome2.4-1:arm64.triggers
gstreamer1.0-plugins-bad:arm64.md5sums         libsoxr0:arm64.list
gstreamer1.0-plugins-base-apps.list            libsoxr0:arm64.md5sums
gstreamer1.0-plugins-base-apps.md5sums         libsoxr0:arm64.shlibs
gstreamer1.0-plugins-base:arm64.list           libsoxr0:arm64.symbols
gstreamer1.0-plugins-base:arm64.md5sums        libsoxr0:arm64.triggers
gstreamer1.0-plugins-coral:arm64.list          libspandsp2:arm64.list
gstreamer1.0-plugins-coral:arm64.md5sums       libspandsp2:arm64.md5sums
gstreamer1.0-plugins-good:arm64.list           libspandsp2:arm64.shlibs
gstreamer1.0-plugins-good:arm64.md5sums        libspandsp2:arm64.symbols
gstreamer1.0-plugins-ugly:arm64.list           libspandsp2:arm64.triggers
gstreamer1.0-plugins-ugly:arm64.md5sums        libspeex1:arm64.list
gstreamer1.0-python3-plugin-loader.list        libspeex1:arm64.md5sums
gstreamer1.0-python3-plugin-loader.md5sums     libspeex1:arm64.shlibs
gstreamer1.0-python3-plugin-loader.shlibs      libspeex1:arm64.triggers
gstreamer1.0-python3-plugin-loader.triggers    libspeexdsp1:arm64.list
gstreamer1.0-tools.list                        libspeexdsp1:arm64.md5sums
gstreamer1.0-tools.md5sums                     libspeexdsp1:arm64.shlibs
gtk-update-icon-cache.list                     libspeexdsp1:arm64.triggers
gtk-update-icon-cache.md5sums                  libsqlite3-0:arm64.list
gtk-update-icon-cache.preinst                  libsqlite3-0:arm64.md5sums
gzip.list                                      libsqlite3-0:arm64.shlibs
gzip.md5sums                                   libsqlite3-0:arm64.symbols
haveged.conffiles                              libsqlite3-0:arm64.triggers
haveged.list                                   libss2:arm64.list
haveged.md5sums                                libss2:arm64.md5sums
haveged.postinst                               libss2:arm64.shlibs
haveged.postrm                                 libss2:arm64.symbols
haveged.prerm                                  libss2:arm64.triggers
hdparm.conffiles                               libssh2-1:arm64.list
hdparm.list                                    libssh2-1:arm64.md5sums
hdparm.md5sums                                 libssh2-1:arm64.shlibs
hdparm.postinst                                libssh2-1:arm64.symbols
hdparm.postrm                                  libssh2-1:arm64.triggers
hdparm.preinst                                 libssl1.1:arm64.list
hdparm.prerm                                   libssl1.1:arm64.md5sums
hicolor-icon-theme.list                        libssl1.1:arm64.postinst
hicolor-icon-theme.md5sums                     libssl1.1:arm64.postrm
hicolor-icon-theme.postinst                    libssl1.1:arm64.shlibs
hicolor-icon-theme.prerm                       libssl1.1:arm64.symbols
hicolor-icon-theme.triggers                    libssl1.1:arm64.templates
hostname.list                                  libssl1.1:arm64.triggers
hostname.md5sums                               libstdc++6:arm64.list
i2c-tools.list                                 libstdc++6:arm64.md5sums
i2c-tools.md5sums                              libstdc++6:arm64.postinst
i2c-tools.postinst                             libstdc++6:arm64.prerm
ifupdown.conffiles                             libstdc++6:arm64.shlibs
ifupdown.list                                  libstdc++6:arm64.symbols
ifupdown.md5sums                               libstdc++6:arm64.triggers
ifupdown.postinst                              libstdc++-8-dev:arm64.list
ifupdown.postrm                                libstdc++-8-dev:arm64.md5sums
ifupdown.preinst                               libswitch-perl.list
ifupdown.prerm                                 libswitch-perl.md5sums
init.list                                      libswresample3:arm64.list
init.md5sums                                   libswresample3:arm64.md5sums
init-system-helpers.list                       libswresample3:arm64.shlibs
init-system-helpers.md5sums                    libswresample3:arm64.symbols
iproute2.conffiles                             libswresample3:arm64.triggers
iproute2.config                                libsystemd0:arm64.list
iproute2.list                                  libsystemd0:arm64.md5sums
iproute2.md5sums                               libsystemd0:arm64.shlibs
iproute2.postinst                              libsystemd0:arm64.symbols
iproute2.postrm                                libsystemd0:arm64.triggers
iproute2.templates                             libtag1v5:arm64.list
iptables.list                                  libtag1v5:arm64.md5sums
iptables.md5sums                               libtag1v5-vanilla:arm64.list
iptables.postinst                              libtag1v5-vanilla:arm64.md5sums
iptables.prerm                                 libtag1v5-vanilla:arm64.shlibs
iputils-ping.list                              libtag1v5-vanilla:arm64.symbols
iputils-ping.md5sums                           libtag1v5-vanilla:arm64.triggers
iputils-ping.postinst                          libtasn1-6:arm64.list
isc-dhcp-client.conffiles                      libtasn1-6:arm64.md5sums
isc-dhcp-client.list                           libtasn1-6:arm64.shlibs
isc-dhcp-client.md5sums                        libtasn1-6:arm64.symbols
isc-dhcp-client.postrm                         libtasn1-6:arm64.triggers
isc-dhcp-common.list                           libtdb1:arm64.list
isc-dhcp-common.md5sums                        libtdb1:arm64.md5sums
iso-codes.list                                 libtdb1:arm64.shlibs
iso-codes.md5sums                              libtdb1:arm64.symbols
iw.list                                        libtdb1:arm64.triggers
iw.md5sums                                     libteamdctl0:arm64.list
kbd.list                                       libteamdctl0:arm64.md5sums
kbd.md5sums                                    libteamdctl0:arm64.shlibs
kbd.postinst                                   libteamdctl0:arm64.symbols
kbd.postrm                                     libteamdctl0:arm64.triggers
kbd.preinst                                    libtext-charwidth-perl.list
kmod.conffiles                                 libtext-charwidth-perl.md5sums
kmod.list                                      libtext-iconv-perl.list
kmod.md5sums                                   libtext-iconv-perl.md5sums
kmod.postinst                                  libtext-wrapi18n-perl.list
kmod.postrm                                    libtext-wrapi18n-perl.md5sums
krb5-locales.list                              libthai0:arm64.list
krb5-locales.md5sums                           libthai0:arm64.md5sums
less.list                                      libthai0:arm64.shlibs
less.md5sums                                   libthai0:arm64.symbols
less.postinst                                  libthai0:arm64.triggers
less.postrm                                    libthai-data.list
less.prerm                                     libthai-data.md5sums
liba52-0.7.4:arm64.list                        libtheora0:arm64.list
liba52-0.7.4:arm64.md5sums                     libtheora0:arm64.md5sums
liba52-0.7.4:arm64.shlibs                      libtheora0:arm64.shlibs
liba52-0.7.4:arm64.triggers                    libtheora0:arm64.symbols
libaa1:arm64.list                              libtheora0:arm64.triggers
libaa1:arm64.md5sums                           libtiff5:arm64.list
libaa1:arm64.shlibs                            libtiff5:arm64.md5sums
libaa1:arm64.symbols                           libtiff5:arm64.shlibs
libaa1:arm64.triggers                          libtiff5:arm64.symbols
libacl1:arm64.list                             libtiff5:arm64.triggers
libacl1:arm64.md5sums                          libtinfo6:arm64.list
libacl1:arm64.shlibs                           libtinfo6:arm64.md5sums
libacl1:arm64.symbols                          libtinfo6:arm64.shlibs
libacl1:arm64.triggers                         libtinfo6:arm64.symbols
libaom0:arm64.list                             libtinfo6:arm64.triggers
libaom0:arm64.md5sums                          libtsan0:arm64.list
libaom0:arm64.shlibs                           libtsan0:arm64.md5sums
libaom0:arm64.symbols                          libtsan0:arm64.shlibs
libaom0:arm64.triggers                         libtsan0:arm64.symbols
libapparmor1:arm64.list                        libtsan0:arm64.triggers
libapparmor1:arm64.md5sums                     libtwolame0:arm64.list
libapparmor1:arm64.shlibs                      libtwolame0:arm64.md5sums
libapparmor1:arm64.symbols                     libtwolame0:arm64.shlibs
libapparmor1:arm64.triggers                    libtwolame0:arm64.symbols
libapt-inst2.0:arm64.list                      libtwolame0:arm64.triggers
libapt-inst2.0:arm64.md5sums                   libubsan1:arm64.list
libapt-inst2.0:arm64.shlibs                    libubsan1:arm64.md5sums
libapt-inst2.0:arm64.symbols                   libubsan1:arm64.shlibs
libapt-inst2.0:arm64.triggers                  libubsan1:arm64.symbols
libapt-pkg5.0:arm64.list                       libubsan1:arm64.triggers
libapt-pkg5.0:arm64.md5sums                    libuchardet0:arm64.list
libapt-pkg5.0:arm64.shlibs                     libuchardet0:arm64.md5sums
libapt-pkg5.0:arm64.symbols                    libuchardet0:arm64.shlibs
libapt-pkg5.0:arm64.triggers                   libuchardet0:arm64.symbols
libargon2-1:arm64.list                         libuchardet0:arm64.triggers
libargon2-1:arm64.md5sums                      libudev1:arm64.list
libargon2-1:arm64.shlibs                       libudev1:arm64.md5sums
libargon2-1:arm64.symbols                      libudev1:arm64.shlibs
libargon2-1:arm64.triggers                     libudev1:arm64.symbols
libasan5:arm64.list                            libudev1:arm64.triggers
libasan5:arm64.md5sums                         libunistring2:arm64.list
libasan5:arm64.shlibs                          libunistring2:arm64.md5sums
libasan5:arm64.symbols                         libunistring2:arm64.shlibs
libasan5:arm64.triggers                        libunistring2:arm64.symbols
libasound2:arm64.list                          libunistring2:arm64.triggers
libasound2:arm64.md5sums                       libunwind8:arm64.list
libasound2:arm64.shlibs                        libunwind8:arm64.md5sums
libasound2:arm64.symbols                       libunwind8:arm64.shlibs
libasound2:arm64.triggers                      libunwind8:arm64.triggers
libasound2-data.list                           libusb-1.0-0:arm64.list
libasound2-data.md5sums                        libusb-1.0-0:arm64.md5sums
libasound2-plugins:arm64.conffiles             libusb-1.0-0:arm64.shlibs
libasound2-plugins:arm64.list                  libusb-1.0-0:arm64.symbols
libasound2-plugins:arm64.md5sums               libusb-1.0-0:arm64.triggers
libass9:arm64.list                             libusb-1.0-0-dev:arm64.list
libass9:arm64.md5sums                          libusb-1.0-0-dev:arm64.md5sums
libass9:arm64.shlibs                           libuuid1:arm64.list
libass9:arm64.symbols                          libuuid1:arm64.md5sums
libass9:arm64.triggers                         libuuid1:arm64.shlibs
libassuan0:arm64.list                          libuuid1:arm64.symbols
libassuan0:arm64.md5sums                       libuuid1:arm64.triggers
libassuan0:arm64.shlibs                        libv4l-0:arm64.list
libassuan0:arm64.symbols                       libv4l-0:arm64.md5sums
libassuan0:arm64.triggers                      libv4l-0:arm64.shlibs
libasyncns0:arm64.list                         libv4l-0:arm64.symbols
libasyncns0:arm64.md5sums                      libv4l-0:arm64.triggers
libasyncns0:arm64.shlibs                       libv4l2rds0:arm64.list
libasyncns0:arm64.symbols                      libv4l2rds0:arm64.md5sums
libasyncns0:arm64.triggers                     libv4l2rds0:arm64.shlibs
libatk1.0-0:arm64.list                         libv4l2rds0:arm64.symbols
libatk1.0-0:arm64.md5sums                      libv4l2rds0:arm64.triggers
libatk1.0-0:arm64.shlibs                       libv4lconvert0:arm64.list
libatk1.0-0:arm64.symbols                      libv4lconvert0:arm64.md5sums
libatk1.0-0:arm64.triggers                     libv4lconvert0:arm64.shlibs
libatk1.0-data.list                            libv4lconvert0:arm64.symbols
libatk1.0-data.md5sums                         libv4lconvert0:arm64.triggers
libatk-bridge2.0-0:arm64.list                  libva2:arm64.list
libatk-bridge2.0-0:arm64.md5sums               libva2:arm64.md5sums
libatk-bridge2.0-0:arm64.shlibs                libva2:arm64.shlibs
libatk-bridge2.0-0:arm64.symbols               libva2:arm64.symbols
libatk-bridge2.0-0:arm64.triggers              libva2:arm64.triggers
libatomic1:arm64.list                          libva-drm2:arm64.list
libatomic1:arm64.md5sums                       libva-drm2:arm64.md5sums
libatomic1:arm64.shlibs                        libva-drm2:arm64.shlibs
libatomic1:arm64.symbols                       libva-drm2:arm64.symbols
libatomic1:arm64.triggers                      libva-drm2:arm64.triggers
libatspi2.0-0:arm64.list                       libva-x11-2:arm64.list
libatspi2.0-0:arm64.md5sums                    libva-x11-2:arm64.md5sums
libatspi2.0-0:arm64.shlibs                     libva-x11-2:arm64.shlibs
libatspi2.0-0:arm64.triggers                   libva-x11-2:arm64.symbols
libattr1:arm64.conffiles                       libva-x11-2:arm64.triggers
libattr1:arm64.list                            libvdpau1:arm64.conffiles
libattr1:arm64.md5sums                         libvdpau1:arm64.list
libattr1:arm64.shlibs                          libvdpau1:arm64.md5sums
libattr1:arm64.symbols                         libvdpau1:arm64.shlibs
libattr1:arm64.triggers                        libvdpau1:arm64.symbols
libaudit1:arm64.list                           libvdpau1:arm64.triggers
libaudit1:arm64.md5sums                        libvisual-0.4-0:arm64.list
libaudit1:arm64.shlibs                         libvisual-0.4-0:arm64.md5sums
libaudit1:arm64.symbols                        libvisual-0.4-0:arm64.shlibs
libaudit1:arm64.triggers                       libvisual-0.4-0:arm64.symbols
libaudit-common.conffiles                      libvisual-0.4-0:arm64.triggers
libaudit-common.list                           libvo-aacenc0:arm64.list
libaudit-common.md5sums                        libvo-aacenc0:arm64.md5sums
libavahi-client3:arm64.list                    libvo-aacenc0:arm64.shlibs
libavahi-client3:arm64.md5sums                 libvo-aacenc0:arm64.triggers
libavahi-client3:arm64.shlibs                  libvo-amrwbenc0:arm64.list
libavahi-client3:arm64.symbols                 libvo-amrwbenc0:arm64.md5sums
libavahi-client3:arm64.triggers                libvo-amrwbenc0:arm64.shlibs
libavahi-common3:arm64.list                    libvo-amrwbenc0:arm64.triggers
libavahi-common3:arm64.md5sums                 libvorbis0a:arm64.list
libavahi-common3:arm64.shlibs                  libvorbis0a:arm64.md5sums
libavahi-common3:arm64.symbols                 libvorbis0a:arm64.shlibs
libavahi-common3:arm64.triggers                libvorbis0a:arm64.symbols
libavahi-common-data:arm64.list                libvorbis0a:arm64.triggers
libavahi-common-data:arm64.md5sums             libvorbisenc2:arm64.list
libavahi-core7:arm64.list                      libvorbisenc2:arm64.md5sums
libavahi-core7:arm64.md5sums                   libvorbisenc2:arm64.shlibs
libavahi-core7:arm64.shlibs                    libvorbisenc2:arm64.symbols
libavahi-core7:arm64.symbols                   libvorbisenc2:arm64.triggers
libavahi-core7:arm64.triggers                  libvorbisfile3:arm64.list
libavc1394-0:arm64.list                        libvorbisfile3:arm64.md5sums
libavc1394-0:arm64.md5sums                     libvorbisfile3:arm64.shlibs
libavc1394-0:arm64.shlibs                      libvorbisfile3:arm64.symbols
libavc1394-0:arm64.symbols                     libvorbisfile3:arm64.triggers
libavc1394-0:arm64.triggers                    libvpx5:arm64.list
libavcodec58:arm64.list                        libvpx5:arm64.md5sums
libavcodec58:arm64.md5sums                     libvpx5:arm64.shlibs
libavcodec58:arm64.shlibs                      libvpx5:arm64.symbols
libavcodec58:arm64.symbols                     libvpx5:arm64.triggers
libavcodec58:arm64.triggers                    libvulkan1:arm64.list
libavresample4:arm64.list                      libvulkan1:arm64.md5sums
libavresample4:arm64.md5sums                   libvulkan1:arm64.shlibs
libavresample4:arm64.shlibs                    libvulkan1:arm64.triggers
libavresample4:arm64.symbols                   libwacom2:arm64.list
libavresample4:arm64.triggers                  libwacom2:arm64.md5sums
libavutil56:arm64.list                         libwacom2:arm64.shlibs
libavutil56:arm64.md5sums                      libwacom2:arm64.symbols
libavutil56:arm64.shlibs                       libwacom2:arm64.triggers
libavutil56:arm64.symbols                      libwacom-common.list
libavutil56:arm64.triggers                     libwacom-common.md5sums
libbind9-161:arm64.list                        libwavpack1:arm64.list
libbind9-161:arm64.md5sums                     libwavpack1:arm64.md5sums
libbind9-161:arm64.shlibs                      libwavpack1:arm64.shlibs
libbind9-161:arm64.symbols                     libwavpack1:arm64.symbols
libbind9-161:arm64.triggers                    libwavpack1:arm64.triggers
libbinutils:arm64.list                         libwayland-bin.list
libbinutils:arm64.md5sums                      libwayland-bin.md5sums
libbinutils:arm64.shlibs                       libwayland-client0:arm64.list
libbinutils:arm64.triggers                     libwayland-client0:arm64.md5sums
libblas3:arm64.list                            libwayland-client0:arm64.shlibs
libblas3:arm64.md5sums                         libwayland-client0:arm64.symbols
libblas3:arm64.postinst                        libwayland-client0:arm64.triggers
libblas3:arm64.preinst                         libwayland-cursor0:arm64.list
libblas3:arm64.prerm                           libwayland-cursor0:arm64.md5sums
libblas3:arm64.shlibs                          libwayland-cursor0:arm64.shlibs
libblkid1:arm64.list                           libwayland-cursor0:arm64.symbols
libblkid1:arm64.md5sums                        libwayland-cursor0:arm64.triggers
libblkid1:arm64.shlibs                         libwayland-dev:arm64.list
libblkid1:arm64.symbols                        libwayland-dev:arm64.md5sums
libblkid1:arm64.triggers                       libwayland-egl1:arm64.list
libbluetooth3:arm64.list                       libwayland-egl1:arm64.md5sums
libbluetooth3:arm64.md5sums                    libwayland-egl1:arm64.shlibs
libbluetooth3:arm64.shlibs                     libwayland-egl1:arm64.symbols
libbluetooth3:arm64.symbols                    libwayland-egl1:arm64.triggers
libbluetooth3:arm64.triggers                   libwayland-egl1-mesa:arm64.list
libboost-iostreams1.67.0:arm64.list            libwayland-egl1-mesa:arm64.md5sums
libboost-iostreams1.67.0:arm64.md5sums         libwayland-server0:arm64.list
libboost-iostreams1.67.0:arm64.shlibs          libwayland-server0:arm64.md5sums
libboost-iostreams1.67.0:arm64.triggers        libwayland-server0:arm64.shlibs
libboost-system1.67.0:arm64.list               libwayland-server0:arm64.symbols
libboost-system1.67.0:arm64.md5sums            libwayland-server0:arm64.triggers
libboost-system1.67.0:arm64.shlibs             libwebp6:arm64.list
libboost-system1.67.0:arm64.triggers           libwebp6:arm64.md5sums
libbs2b0:arm64.list                            libwebp6:arm64.shlibs
libbs2b0:arm64.md5sums                         libwebp6:arm64.symbols
libbs2b0:arm64.shlibs                          libwebp6:arm64.triggers
libbs2b0:arm64.triggers                        libwebpdemux2:arm64.list
libbsd0:arm64.list                             libwebpdemux2:arm64.md5sums
libbsd0:arm64.md5sums                          libwebpdemux2:arm64.shlibs
libbsd0:arm64.shlibs                           libwebpdemux2:arm64.symbols
libbsd0:arm64.symbols                          libwebpdemux2:arm64.triggers
libbsd0:arm64.triggers                         libwebpmux3:arm64.list
libbz2-1.0:arm64.list                          libwebpmux3:arm64.md5sums
libbz2-1.0:arm64.md5sums                       libwebpmux3:arm64.shlibs
libbz2-1.0:arm64.shlibs                        libwebpmux3:arm64.symbols
libbz2-1.0:arm64.triggers                      libwebpmux3:arm64.triggers
libc++1-7:arm64.list                           libwebrtc-audio-processing1:arm64.list
libc++1-7:arm64.md5sums                        libwebrtc-audio-processing1:arm64.md5sums
libc++1-7:arm64.shlibs                         libwebrtc-audio-processing1:arm64.shlibs
libc++1-7:arm64.triggers                       libwebrtc-audio-processing1:arm64.triggers
libc++1:arm64.list                             libwildmidi2:arm64.list
libc++1:arm64.md5sums                          libwildmidi2:arm64.md5sums
libc6:arm64.conffiles                          libwildmidi2:arm64.shlibs
libc6:arm64.list                               libwildmidi2:arm64.symbols
libc6:arm64.md5sums                            libwildmidi2:arm64.triggers
libc6:arm64.postinst                           libwrap0:arm64.list
libc6:arm64.postrm                             libwrap0:arm64.md5sums
libc6:arm64.preinst                            libwrap0:arm64.postinst
libc6:arm64.shlibs                             libwrap0:arm64.postrm
libc6:arm64.symbols                            libwrap0:arm64.shlibs
libc6:arm64.templates                          libwrap0:arm64.symbols
libc6:arm64.triggers                           libwrap0:arm64.triggers
libc6-dev:arm64.list                           libx11-6:arm64.list
libc6-dev:arm64.md5sums                        libx11-6:arm64.md5sums
libc++abi1-7:arm64.list                        libx11-6:arm64.shlibs
libc++abi1-7:arm64.md5sums                     libx11-6:arm64.symbols
libc++abi1-7:arm64.shlibs                      libx11-6:arm64.triggers
libc++abi1-7:arm64.triggers                    libx11-data.list
libc++abi1:arm64.list                          libx11-data.md5sums
libc++abi1:arm64.md5sums                       libx11-dev:arm64.list
libcaca0:arm64.list                            libx11-dev:arm64.md5sums
libcaca0:arm64.md5sums                         libx11-xcb1:arm64.list
libcaca0:arm64.shlibs                          libx11-xcb1:arm64.md5sums
libcaca0:arm64.triggers                        libx11-xcb1:arm64.shlibs
libcairo2:arm64.list                           libx11-xcb1:arm64.triggers
libcairo2:arm64.md5sums                        libx11-xcb-dev:arm64.list
libcairo2:arm64.shlibs                         libx11-xcb-dev:arm64.md5sums
libcairo2:arm64.symbols                        libx264-155:arm64.list
libcairo2:arm64.triggers                       libx264-155:arm64.md5sums
libcairo-gobject2:arm64.list                   libx264-155:arm64.shlibs
libcairo-gobject2:arm64.md5sums                libx264-155:arm64.triggers
libcairo-gobject2:arm64.shlibs                 libx265-165:arm64.list
libcairo-gobject2:arm64.symbols                libx265-165:arm64.md5sums
libcairo-gobject2:arm64.triggers               libx265-165:arm64.shlibs
libcap2:arm64.list                             libx265-165:arm64.symbols
libcap2:arm64.md5sums                          libx265-165:arm64.triggers
libcap2:arm64.shlibs                           libxapian30:arm64.list
libcap2:arm64.symbols                          libxapian30:arm64.md5sums
libcap2:arm64.triggers                         libxapian30:arm64.shlibs
libcap2-bin.list                               libxapian30:arm64.triggers
libcap2-bin.md5sums                            libxau6:arm64.list
libcap-ng0:arm64.list                          libxau6:arm64.md5sums
libcap-ng0:arm64.md5sums                       libxau6:arm64.shlibs
libcap-ng0:arm64.shlibs                        libxau6:arm64.triggers
libcap-ng0:arm64.symbols                       libxau-dev:arm64.list
libcap-ng0:arm64.triggers                      libxau-dev:arm64.md5sums
libc-bin.conffiles                             libxaw7:arm64.list
libc-bin.list                                  libxaw7:arm64.md5sums
libc-bin.md5sums                               libxaw7:arm64.shlibs
libc-bin.postinst                              libxaw7:arm64.triggers
libc-bin.triggers                              libxcb1:arm64.list
libcc1-0:arm64.list                            libxcb1:arm64.md5sums
libcc1-0:arm64.md5sums                         libxcb1:arm64.shlibs
libcc1-0:arm64.shlibs                          libxcb1:arm64.symbols
libcc1-0:arm64.symbols                         libxcb1:arm64.triggers
libcc1-0:arm64.triggers                        libxcb1-dev:arm64.list
libc-dev-bin.list                              libxcb1-dev:arm64.md5sums
libc-dev-bin.md5sums                           libxcb-composite0:arm64.list
libcdio18:arm64.list                           libxcb-composite0:arm64.md5sums
libcdio18:arm64.md5sums                        libxcb-composite0:arm64.shlibs
libcdio18:arm64.shlibs                         libxcb-composite0:arm64.symbols
libcdio18:arm64.symbols                        libxcb-composite0:arm64.triggers
libcdio18:arm64.triggers                       libxcb-dri2-0:arm64.list
libcdparanoia0:arm64.list                      libxcb-dri2-0:arm64.md5sums
libcdparanoia0:arm64.md5sums                   libxcb-dri2-0:arm64.shlibs
libcdparanoia0:arm64.shlibs                    libxcb-dri2-0:arm64.symbols
libcdparanoia0:arm64.triggers                  libxcb-dri2-0:arm64.triggers
libchromaprint1:arm64.list                     libxcb-dri2-0-dev:arm64.list
libchromaprint1:arm64.md5sums                  libxcb-dri2-0-dev:arm64.md5sums
libchromaprint1:arm64.shlibs                   libxcb-dri3-0:arm64.list
libchromaprint1:arm64.symbols                  libxcb-dri3-0:arm64.md5sums
libchromaprint1:arm64.triggers                 libxcb-dri3-0:arm64.shlibs
libc-l10n.list                                 libxcb-dri3-0:arm64.symbols
libc-l10n.md5sums                              libxcb-dri3-0:arm64.triggers
libclass-isa-perl.list                         libxcb-dri3-dev:arm64.list
libclass-isa-perl.md5sums                      libxcb-dri3-dev:arm64.md5sums
libcodec2-0.8.1:arm64.list                     libxcb-glx0:arm64.list
libcodec2-0.8.1:arm64.md5sums                  libxcb-glx0:arm64.md5sums
libcodec2-0.8.1:arm64.shlibs                   libxcb-glx0:arm64.shlibs
libcodec2-0.8.1:arm64.triggers                 libxcb-glx0:arm64.symbols
libcolord2:arm64.list                          libxcb-glx0:arm64.triggers
libcolord2:arm64.md5sums                       libxcb-glx0-dev:arm64.list
libcolord2:arm64.shlibs                        libxcb-glx0-dev:arm64.md5sums
libcolord2:arm64.symbols                       libxcb-present0:arm64.list
libcolord2:arm64.triggers                      libxcb-present0:arm64.md5sums
libcom-err2:arm64.list                         libxcb-present0:arm64.shlibs
libcom-err2:arm64.md5sums                      libxcb-present0:arm64.symbols
libcom-err2:arm64.shlibs                       libxcb-present0:arm64.triggers
libcom-err2:arm64.symbols                      libxcb-present-dev:arm64.list
libcom-err2:arm64.triggers                     libxcb-present-dev:arm64.md5sums
libconfig-auto-perl.list                       libxcb-randr0:arm64.list
libconfig-auto-perl.md5sums                    libxcb-randr0:arm64.md5sums
libconfig-inifiles-perl.list                   libxcb-randr0:arm64.shlibs
libconfig-inifiles-perl.md5sums                libxcb-randr0:arm64.symbols
libcroco3:arm64.list                           libxcb-randr0:arm64.triggers
libcroco3:arm64.md5sums                        libxcb-randr0-dev:arm64.list
libcroco3:arm64.shlibs                         libxcb-randr0-dev:arm64.md5sums
libcroco3:arm64.symbols                        libxcb-render0:arm64.list
libcroco3:arm64.triggers                       libxcb-render0:arm64.md5sums
libcryptsetup12:arm64.list                     libxcb-render0:arm64.shlibs
libcryptsetup12:arm64.md5sums                  libxcb-render0:arm64.symbols
libcryptsetup12:arm64.shlibs                   libxcb-render0:arm64.triggers
libcryptsetup12:arm64.symbols                  libxcb-render0-dev:arm64.list
libcryptsetup12:arm64.triggers                 libxcb-render0-dev:arm64.md5sums
libcups2:arm64.list                            libxcb-shape0:arm64.list
libcups2:arm64.md5sums                         libxcb-shape0:arm64.md5sums
libcups2:arm64.shlibs                          libxcb-shape0:arm64.shlibs
libcups2:arm64.symbols                         libxcb-shape0:arm64.symbols
libcups2:arm64.triggers                        libxcb-shape0:arm64.triggers
libcurl3-gnutls:arm64.list                     libxcb-shape0-dev:arm64.list
libcurl3-gnutls:arm64.md5sums                  libxcb-shape0-dev:arm64.md5sums
libcurl3-gnutls:arm64.shlibs                   libxcb-shm0:arm64.list
libcurl3-gnutls:arm64.symbols                  libxcb-shm0:arm64.md5sums
libcurl3-gnutls:arm64.triggers                 libxcb-shm0:arm64.shlibs
libcurl4:arm64.list                            libxcb-shm0:arm64.symbols
libcurl4:arm64.md5sums                         libxcb-shm0:arm64.triggers
libcurl4:arm64.shlibs                          libxcb-sync1:arm64.list
libcurl4:arm64.symbols                         libxcb-sync1:arm64.md5sums
libcurl4:arm64.triggers                        libxcb-sync1:arm64.shlibs
libcwidget3v5:arm64.list                       libxcb-sync1:arm64.symbols
libcwidget3v5:arm64.md5sums                    libxcb-sync1:arm64.triggers
libcwidget3v5:arm64.shlibs                     libxcb-sync-dev:arm64.list
libcwidget3v5:arm64.triggers                   libxcb-sync-dev:arm64.md5sums
libdaemon0:arm64.list                          libxcb-xfixes0:arm64.list
libdaemon0:arm64.md5sums                       libxcb-xfixes0:arm64.md5sums
libdaemon0:arm64.shlibs                        libxcb-xfixes0:arm64.shlibs
libdaemon0:arm64.symbols                       libxcb-xfixes0:arm64.symbols
libdaemon0:arm64.triggers                      libxcb-xfixes0:arm64.triggers
libdatrie1:arm64.list                          libxcb-xfixes0-dev:arm64.list
libdatrie1:arm64.md5sums                       libxcb-xfixes0-dev:arm64.md5sums
libdatrie1:arm64.shlibs                        libxcb-xkb1:arm64.list
libdatrie1:arm64.symbols                       libxcb-xkb1:arm64.md5sums
libdatrie1:arm64.triggers                      libxcb-xkb1:arm64.shlibs
libdb5.3:arm64.list                            libxcb-xkb1:arm64.symbols
libdb5.3:arm64.md5sums                         libxcb-xkb1:arm64.triggers
libdb5.3:arm64.shlibs                          libxcomposite1:arm64.list
libdb5.3:arm64.triggers                        libxcomposite1:arm64.md5sums
libdbus-1-3:arm64.list                         libxcomposite1:arm64.shlibs
libdbus-1-3:arm64.md5sums                      libxcomposite1:arm64.triggers
libdbus-1-3:arm64.shlibs                       libxcursor1:arm64.list
libdbus-1-3:arm64.symbols                      libxcursor1:arm64.md5sums
libdbus-1-3:arm64.triggers                     libxcursor1:arm64.shlibs
libdc1394-22:arm64.list                        libxcursor1:arm64.triggers
libdc1394-22:arm64.md5sums                     libxdamage1:arm64.list
libdc1394-22:arm64.shlibs                      libxdamage1:arm64.md5sums
libdc1394-22:arm64.triggers                    libxdamage1:arm64.shlibs
libdca0:arm64.list                             libxdamage1:arm64.triggers
libdca0:arm64.md5sums                          libxdamage-dev:arm64.list
libdca0:arm64.shlibs                           libxdamage-dev:arm64.md5sums
libdca0:arm64.symbols                          libxdmcp6:arm64.list
libdca0:arm64.triggers                         libxdmcp6:arm64.md5sums
libdconf1:arm64.list                           libxdmcp6:arm64.shlibs
libdconf1:arm64.md5sums                        libxdmcp6:arm64.triggers
libdconf1:arm64.shlibs                         libxdmcp-dev:arm64.list
libdconf1:arm64.symbols                        libxdmcp-dev:arm64.md5sums
libdconf1:arm64.triggers                       libxext6:arm64.list
libde265-0:arm64.list                          libxext6:arm64.md5sums
libde265-0:arm64.md5sums                       libxext6:arm64.shlibs
libde265-0:arm64.shlibs                        libxext6:arm64.symbols
libde265-0:arm64.symbols                       libxext6:arm64.triggers
libde265-0:arm64.triggers                      libxext-dev:arm64.list
libdebconfclient0:arm64.list                   libxext-dev:arm64.md5sums
libdebconfclient0:arm64.md5sums                libxfixes3:arm64.list
libdebconfclient0:arm64.shlibs                 libxfixes3:arm64.md5sums
libdebconfclient0:arm64.symbols                libxfixes3:arm64.shlibs
libdebconfclient0:arm64.triggers               libxfixes3:arm64.symbols
libdebian-dpkgcross-perl.conffiles             libxfixes3:arm64.triggers
libdebian-dpkgcross-perl.list                  libxfixes-dev:arm64.list
libdebian-dpkgcross-perl.md5sums               libxfixes-dev:arm64.md5sums
libdevmapper1.02.1:arm64.list                  libxfont2:arm64.list
libdevmapper1.02.1:arm64.md5sums               libxfont2:arm64.md5sums
libdevmapper1.02.1:arm64.shlibs                libxfont2:arm64.shlibs
libdevmapper1.02.1:arm64.symbols               libxfont2:arm64.triggers
libdevmapper1.02.1:arm64.triggers              libxft2:arm64.list
libdns1104:arm64.list                          libxft2:arm64.md5sums
libdns1104:arm64.md5sums                       libxft2:arm64.shlibs
libdns1104:arm64.shlibs                        libxft2:arm64.triggers
libdns1104:arm64.symbols                       libxi6:arm64.list
libdns1104:arm64.triggers                      libxi6:arm64.md5sums
libdns-export1104.list                         libxi6:arm64.shlibs
libdns-export1104.md5sums                      libxi6:arm64.symbols
libdns-export1104.shlibs                       libxi6:arm64.triggers
libdns-export1104.triggers                     libxinerama1:arm64.list
libdpkg-perl.list                              libxinerama1:arm64.md5sums
libdpkg-perl.md5sums                           libxinerama1:arm64.shlibs
libdrm2:arm64.list                             libxinerama1:arm64.triggers
libdrm2:arm64.md5sums                          libxkbcommon0:arm64.list
libdrm2:arm64.shlibs                           libxkbcommon0:arm64.md5sums
libdrm2:arm64.symbols                          libxkbcommon0:arm64.shlibs
libdrm2:arm64.triggers                         libxkbcommon0:arm64.symbols
libdrm-amdgpu1:arm64.list                      libxkbcommon0:arm64.triggers
libdrm-amdgpu1:arm64.md5sums                   libxkbfile1:arm64.list
libdrm-amdgpu1:arm64.shlibs                    libxkbfile1:arm64.md5sums
libdrm-amdgpu1:arm64.symbols                   libxkbfile1:arm64.shlibs
libdrm-amdgpu1:arm64.triggers                  libxkbfile1:arm64.triggers
libdrm-common.list                             libxml2:arm64.list
libdrm-common.md5sums                          libxml2:arm64.md5sums
libdrm-dev:arm64.list                          libxml2:arm64.shlibs
libdrm-dev:arm64.md5sums                       libxml2:arm64.symbols
libdrm-etnaviv1:arm64.list                     libxml2:arm64.triggers
libdrm-etnaviv1:arm64.md5sums                  libxml-libxml-perl.list
libdrm-etnaviv1:arm64.shlibs                   libxml-libxml-perl.md5sums
libdrm-etnaviv1:arm64.symbols                  libxml-libxml-perl.postinst
libdrm-etnaviv1:arm64.triggers                 libxml-libxml-perl.prerm
libdrm-freedreno1:arm64.list                   libxml-namespacesupport-perl.list
libdrm-freedreno1:arm64.md5sums                libxml-namespacesupport-perl.md5sums
libdrm-freedreno1:arm64.shlibs                 libxml-sax-base-perl.list
libdrm-freedreno1:arm64.symbols                libxml-sax-base-perl.md5sums
libdrm-freedreno1:arm64.triggers               libxml-sax-perl.list
libdrm-nouveau2:arm64.list                     libxml-sax-perl.md5sums
libdrm-nouveau2:arm64.md5sums                  libxml-sax-perl.postinst
libdrm-nouveau2:arm64.shlibs                   libxml-sax-perl.postrm
libdrm-nouveau2:arm64.symbols                  libxml-sax-perl.preinst
libdrm-nouveau2:arm64.triggers                 libxml-sax-perl.prerm
libdrm-radeon1:arm64.list                      libxml-simple-perl.list
libdrm-radeon1:arm64.md5sums                   libxml-simple-perl.md5sums
libdrm-radeon1:arm64.shlibs                    libxmu6:arm64.list
libdrm-radeon1:arm64.symbols                   libxmu6:arm64.md5sums
libdrm-radeon1:arm64.triggers                  libxmu6:arm64.shlibs
libdrm-tegra0:arm64.list                       libxmu6:arm64.triggers
libdrm-tegra0:arm64.md5sums                    libxpm4:arm64.list
libdrm-tegra0:arm64.shlibs                     libxpm4:arm64.md5sums
libdrm-tegra0:arm64.symbols                    libxpm4:arm64.shlibs
libdrm-tegra0:arm64.triggers                   libxpm4:arm64.triggers
libdv4:arm64.list                              libxrandr2:arm64.list
libdv4:arm64.md5sums                           libxrandr2:arm64.md5sums
libdv4:arm64.shlibs                            libxrandr2:arm64.shlibs
libdv4:arm64.symbols                           libxrandr2:arm64.symbols
libdv4:arm64.triggers                          libxrandr2:arm64.triggers
libdvdnav4:arm64.list                          libxrender1:arm64.list
libdvdnav4:arm64.md5sums                       libxrender1:arm64.md5sums
libdvdnav4:arm64.shlibs                        libxrender1:arm64.shlibs
libdvdnav4:arm64.symbols                       libxrender1:arm64.triggers
libdvdnav4:arm64.triggers                      libxshmfence1:arm64.list
libdvdread4:arm64.list                         libxshmfence1:arm64.md5sums
libdvdread4:arm64.md5sums                      libxshmfence1:arm64.shlibs
libdvdread4:arm64.shlibs                       libxshmfence1:arm64.symbols
libdvdread4:arm64.symbols                      libxshmfence1:arm64.triggers
libdvdread4:arm64.triggers                     libxshmfence-dev:arm64.list
libdw1:arm64.list                              libxshmfence-dev:arm64.md5sums
libdw1:arm64.md5sums                           libxt6:arm64.list
libdw1:arm64.shlibs                            libxt6:arm64.md5sums
libdw1:arm64.symbols                           libxt6:arm64.shlibs
libdw1:arm64.triggers                          libxt6:arm64.symbols
libedgetpu1-std:arm64.list                     libxt6:arm64.triggers
libedgetpu1-std:arm64.md5sums                  libxtables12:arm64.list
libedgetpu1-std:arm64.shlibs                   libxtables12:arm64.md5sums
libedgetpu1-std:arm64.triggers                 libxtables12:arm64.shlibs
libedit2:arm64.list                            libxtables12:arm64.symbols
libedit2:arm64.md5sums                         libxtables12:arm64.triggers
libedit2:arm64.shlibs                          libxtst6:arm64.list
libedit2:arm64.symbols                         libxtst6:arm64.md5sums
libedit2:arm64.triggers                        libxtst6:arm64.shlibs
libegl1:arm64.list                             libxtst6:arm64.triggers
libegl1:arm64.md5sums                          libxvidcore4:arm64.list
libegl1:arm64.shlibs                           libxvidcore4:arm64.md5sums
libegl1:arm64.symbols                          libxvidcore4:arm64.shlibs
libegl1:arm64.triggers                         libxvidcore4:arm64.symbols
libegl1-mesa:arm64.list                        libxvidcore4:arm64.triggers
libegl1-mesa:arm64.md5sums                     libxxf86vm1:arm64.list
libegl1-mesa-dev:arm64.list                    libxxf86vm1:arm64.md5sums
libegl1-mesa-dev:arm64.md5sums                 libxxf86vm1:arm64.shlibs
libegl-mesa0:arm64.list                        libxxf86vm1:arm64.triggers
libegl-mesa0:arm64.md5sums                     libxxf86vm-dev:arm64.list
libegl-mesa0:arm64.shlibs                      libxxf86vm-dev:arm64.md5sums
libegl-mesa0:arm64.symbols                     libyaml-perl.list
libegl-mesa0:arm64.triggers                    libyaml-perl.md5sums
libelf1:arm64.list                             libzstd1:arm64.list
libelf1:arm64.md5sums                          libzstd1:arm64.md5sums
libelf1:arm64.shlibs                           libzstd1:arm64.shlibs
libelf1:arm64.symbols                          libzstd1:arm64.symbols
libelf1:arm64.triggers                         libzstd1:arm64.triggers
libepoxy0:arm64.list                           libzvbi0:arm64.list
libepoxy0:arm64.md5sums                        libzvbi0:arm64.md5sums
libepoxy0:arm64.shlibs                         libzvbi0:arm64.shlibs
libepoxy0:arm64.symbols                        libzvbi0:arm64.symbols
libepoxy0:arm64.triggers                       libzvbi0:arm64.triggers
liberror-perl.list                             libzvbi-common.list
liberror-perl.md5sums                          libzvbi-common.md5sums
libestr0:arm64.list                            linux-base.list
libestr0:arm64.md5sums                         linux-base.md5sums
libestr0:arm64.shlibs                          linux-base.postinst
libestr0:arm64.symbols                         linux-base.postrm
libestr0:arm64.triggers                        linux-base.templates
libevdev2:arm64.list                           linux-image-4.19.125-mtk.list
libevdev2:arm64.md5sums                        linux-image-4.19.125-mtk.md5sums
libevdev2:arm64.shlibs                         linux-image-4.19.125-mtk.postinst
libevdev2:arm64.symbols                        linux-image-4.19.125-mtk.postrm
libevdev2:arm64.triggers                       linux-image-4.19.125-mtk.preinst
libexpat1:arm64.list                           linux-image-4.19.125-mtk.prerm
libexpat1:arm64.md5sums                        linux-libc-dev:arm64.list
libexpat1:arm64.shlibs                         linux-libc-dev:arm64.md5sums
libexpat1:arm64.symbols                        lm-sensors.conffiles
libexpat1:arm64.triggers                       lm-sensors.list
libexpat1-dev:arm64.list                       lm-sensors.md5sums
libexpat1-dev:arm64.md5sums                    lm-sensors.postinst
libext2fs2:arm64.list                          lm-sensors.postrm
libext2fs2:arm64.md5sums                       lm-sensors.preinst
libext2fs2:arm64.shlibs                        lm-sensors.prerm
libext2fs2:arm64.symbols                       locales.conffiles
libext2fs2:arm64.triggers                      locales.config
libfaad2:arm64.list                            locales.list
libfaad2:arm64.md5sums                         locales.md5sums
libfaad2:arm64.shlibs                          locales.postinst
libfaad2:arm64.symbols                         locales.postrm
libfaad2:arm64.triggers                        locales.prerm
libfastjson4:arm64.list                        locales.templates
libfastjson4:arm64.md5sums                     login.conffiles
libfastjson4:arm64.shlibs                      login.list
libfastjson4:arm64.symbols                     login.md5sums
libfastjson4:arm64.triggers                    login.postinst
libfdisk1:arm64.list                           login.preinst
libfdisk1:arm64.md5sums                        logrotate.conffiles
libfdisk1:arm64.shlibs                         logrotate.list
libfdisk1:arm64.symbols                        logrotate.md5sums
libfdisk1:arm64.triggers                       logrotate.postinst
libffi6:arm64.list                             logrotate.postrm
libffi6:arm64.md5sums                          logrotate.preinst
libffi6:arm64.shlibs                           logrotate.prerm
libffi6:arm64.symbols                          lrzsz.list
libffi6:arm64.triggers                         lrzsz.md5sums
libfftw3-double3:arm64.list                    lsb-base.list
libfftw3-double3:arm64.md5sums                 lsb-base.md5sums
libfftw3-double3:arm64.shlibs                  lsb-release.list
libfftw3-double3:arm64.triggers                lsb-release.md5sums
libfftw3-single3:arm64.list                    lsb-release.postinst
libfftw3-single3:arm64.md5sums                 lsb-release.postrm
libfftw3-single3:arm64.shlibs                  lsof.list
libfftw3-single3:arm64.triggers                lsof.md5sums
libfile-homedir-perl.list                      make.list
libfile-homedir-perl.md5sums                   make.md5sums
libfile-which-perl.list                        man-db.conffiles
libfile-which-perl.md5sums                     man-db.config
libflac8:arm64.list                            man-db.list
libflac8:arm64.md5sums                         man-db.md5sums
libflac8:arm64.shlibs                          man-db.postinst
libflac8:arm64.symbols                         man-db.postrm
libflac8:arm64.triggers                        man-db.preinst
libflite1:arm64.list                           man-db.prerm
libflite1:arm64.md5sums                        man-db.templates
libflite1:arm64.shlibs                         man-db.triggers
libflite1:arm64.symbols                        manpages.list
libflite1:arm64.triggers                       manpages.md5sums
libfluidsynth1:arm64.list                      mawk.list
libfluidsynth1:arm64.md5sums                   mawk.md5sums
libfluidsynth1:arm64.shlibs                    mawk.postinst
libfluidsynth1:arm64.symbols                   mawk.prerm
libfluidsynth1:arm64.triggers                  mdpd.list
libfontconfig1:arm64.list                      mdpd.md5sums
libfontconfig1:arm64.md5sums                   mdpd.postinst
libfontconfig1:arm64.shlibs                    mdpd.postrm
libfontconfig1:arm64.symbols                   mdpd.prerm
libfontconfig1:arm64.triggers                  mdt-services.conffiles
libfontenc1:arm64.list                         mdt-services.list
libfontenc1:arm64.md5sums                      mdt-services.md5sums
libfontenc1:arm64.shlibs                       mdt-services.postinst
libfontenc1:arm64.triggers                     mdt-services.postrm
libfreetype6:arm64.list                        mdt-services.prerm
libfreetype6:arm64.md5sums                     mendel-core.list
libfreetype6:arm64.shlibs                      mendel-core.md5sums
libfreetype6:arm64.symbols                     mendel-distro-info-data.list
libfreetype6:arm64.triggers                    mendel-distro-info-data.md5sums
libfribidi0:arm64.list                         mendel-gui.list
libfribidi0:arm64.md5sums                      mendel-gui.md5sums
libfribidi0:arm64.shlibs                       mendel-keyring.conffiles
libfribidi0:arm64.symbols                      mendel-keyring.list
libfribidi0:arm64.triggers                     mendel-keyring.md5sums
libfstrm0:arm64.list                           mendel-minimal.conffiles
libfstrm0:arm64.md5sums                        mendel-minimal.list
libfstrm0:arm64.shlibs                         mendel-minimal.md5sums
libfstrm0:arm64.symbols                        mendel-minimal.postinst
libfstrm0:arm64.triggers                       mesa-common-dev:arm64.list
libgbm1:arm64.list                             mesa-common-dev:arm64.md5sums
libgbm1:arm64.md5sums                          mesa-utils.list
libgbm1:arm64.shlibs                           mesa-utils.md5sums
libgbm1:arm64.symbols                          mime-support.conffiles
libgbm1:arm64.triggers                         mime-support.list
libgbm-dev:arm64.list                          mime-support.md5sums
libgbm-dev:arm64.md5sums                       mime-support.postinst
libgcc1:arm64.list                             mime-support.prerm
libgcc1:arm64.md5sums                          mime-support.triggers
libgcc1:arm64.postinst                         mount.list
libgcc1:arm64.shlibs                           mount.md5sums
libgcc1:arm64.symbols                          mtk-board-audio.conffiles
libgcc1:arm64.triggers                         mtk-board-audio.list
libgcc-8-dev:arm64.list                        mtk-board-audio.md5sums
libgcc-8-dev:arm64.md5sums                     nano.conffiles
libgcrypt20:arm64.list                         nano.list
libgcrypt20:arm64.md5sums                      nano.md5sums
libgcrypt20:arm64.shlibs                       nano.postinst
libgcrypt20:arm64.symbols                      nano.prerm
libgcrypt20:arm64.triggers                     ncurses-base.conffiles
libgdbm6:arm64.list                            ncurses-base.list
libgdbm6:arm64.md5sums                         ncurses-base.md5sums
libgdbm6:arm64.shlibs                          ncurses-bin.list
libgdbm6:arm64.symbols                         ncurses-bin.md5sums
libgdbm6:arm64.triggers                        ncurses-term.list
libgdbm-compat4:arm64.list                     ncurses-term.md5sums
libgdbm-compat4:arm64.md5sums                  netbase.conffiles
libgdbm-compat4:arm64.shlibs                   netbase.list
libgdbm-compat4:arm64.symbols                  netbase.md5sums
libgdbm-compat4:arm64.triggers                 netbase.postinst
libgdk-pixbuf2.0-0:arm64.list                  netbase.postrm
libgdk-pixbuf2.0-0:arm64.md5sums               netcat-traditional.list
libgdk-pixbuf2.0-0:arm64.postinst              netcat-traditional.md5sums
libgdk-pixbuf2.0-0:arm64.postrm                netcat-traditional.postinst
libgdk-pixbuf2.0-0:arm64.shlibs                netcat-traditional.prerm
libgdk-pixbuf2.0-0:arm64.symbols               net-tools.list
libgdk-pixbuf2.0-0:arm64.triggers              net-tools.md5sums
libgdk-pixbuf2.0-common.list                   network-manager.conffiles
libgdk-pixbuf2.0-common.md5sums                network-manager.list
libgeoip1:arm64.list                           network-manager.md5sums
libgeoip1:arm64.md5sums                        network-manager.postinst
libgeoip1:arm64.shlibs                         network-manager.postrm
libgeoip1:arm64.triggers                       network-manager.preinst
libgfortran5:arm64.list                        network-manager.prerm
libgfortran5:arm64.md5sums                     openssh-client.conffiles
libgfortran5:arm64.shlibs                      openssh-client.list
libgfortran5:arm64.symbols                     openssh-client.md5sums
libgfortran5:arm64.triggers                    openssh-client.postinst
libgirepository-1.0-1:arm64.list               openssh-client.postrm
libgirepository-1.0-1:arm64.md5sums            openssh-client.preinst
libgirepository-1.0-1:arm64.shlibs             openssh-client.prerm
libgirepository-1.0-1:arm64.symbols            openssh-server.conffiles
libgirepository-1.0-1:arm64.triggers           openssh-server.config
libgl1:arm64.list                              openssh-server.list
libgl1:arm64.md5sums                           openssh-server.md5sums
libgl1:arm64.shlibs                            openssh-server.postinst
libgl1:arm64.symbols                           openssh-server.postrm
libgl1:arm64.triggers                          openssh-server.preinst
libgl1-mesa-dev:arm64.list                     openssh-server.prerm
libgl1-mesa-dev:arm64.md5sums                  openssh-server.templates
libgl1-mesa-dri:arm64.list                     openssh-sftp-server.list
libgl1-mesa-dri:arm64.md5sums                  openssh-sftp-server.md5sums
libgl1-mesa-dri:arm64.postinst                 openssl.conffiles
libgl1-mesa-dri:arm64.postrm                   openssl.list
libgl1-mesa-dri:arm64.preinst                  openssl.md5sums
libgl1-mesa-dri:arm64.prerm                    openssl.postinst
libgl1-mesa-glx:arm64.list                     parted.list
libgl1-mesa-glx:arm64.md5sums                  parted.md5sums
libglapi-mesa:arm64.list                       passwd.conffiles
libglapi-mesa:arm64.md5sums                    passwd.list
libglapi-mesa:arm64.shlibs                     passwd.md5sums
libglapi-mesa:arm64.triggers                   passwd.postinst
libgles1:arm64.list                            passwd.preinst
libgles1:arm64.md5sums                         patch.list
libgles1:arm64.shlibs                          patch.md5sums
libgles1:arm64.symbols                         pciutils.list
libgles1:arm64.triggers                        pciutils.md5sums
libgles2:arm64.list                            pciutils.postinst
libgles2:arm64.md5sums                         pciutils.postrm
libgles2:arm64.shlibs                          pciutils.preinst
libgles2:arm64.symbols                         perl-base.list
libgles2:arm64.triggers                        perl-base.md5sums
libgles2-mesa:arm64.list                       perl.conffiles
libgles2-mesa:arm64.md5sums                    perl.list
libgles2-mesa-dev:arm64.list                   perl.md5sums
libgles2-mesa-dev:arm64.md5sums                perl-modules-5.28.list
libglew2.1:arm64.list                          perl-modules-5.28.md5sums
libglew2.1:arm64.md5sums                       perl.postinst
libglew2.1:arm64.shlibs                        perl.postrm
libglew2.1:arm64.symbols                       perl.preinst
libglew2.1:arm64.triggers                      pinentry-curses.list
libglib2.0-0:arm64.list                        pinentry-curses.md5sums
libglib2.0-0:arm64.md5sums                     pinentry-curses.postinst
libglib2.0-0:arm64.postinst                    pinentry-curses.prerm
libglib2.0-0:arm64.postrm                      policykit-1.conffiles
libglib2.0-0:arm64.shlibs                      policykit-1.list
libglib2.0-0:arm64.symbols                     policykit-1.md5sums
libglib2.0-0:arm64.triggers                    policykit-1.postinst
libglu1-mesa:arm64.list                        policykit-1.postrm
libglu1-mesa:arm64.md5sums                     policykit-1.preinst
libglu1-mesa:arm64.shlibs                      policykit-1.prerm
libglu1-mesa:arm64.triggers                    procps.conffiles
libglvnd0:arm64.list                           procps.list
libglvnd0:arm64.md5sums                        procps.md5sums
libglvnd0:arm64.shlibs                         procps.postinst
libglvnd0:arm64.symbols                        procps.postrm
libglvnd0:arm64.triggers                       procps.preinst
libglvnd-core-dev:arm64.list                   procps.prerm
libglvnd-core-dev:arm64.md5sums                psmisc.list
libglvnd-dev:arm64.list                        psmisc.md5sums
libglvnd-dev:arm64.md5sums                     psmisc.postinst
libglx0:arm64.list                             psmisc.postrm
libglx0:arm64.md5sums                          pulseaudio.conffiles
libglx0:arm64.shlibs                           pulseaudio.list
libglx0:arm64.symbols                          pulseaudio.md5sums
libglx0:arm64.triggers                         pulseaudio.postinst
libglx-mesa0:arm64.list                        pulseaudio.postrm
libglx-mesa0:arm64.md5sums                     pulseaudio.preinst
libglx-mesa0:arm64.shlibs                      pulseaudio.prerm
libglx-mesa0:arm64.symbols                     pulseaudio-utils.list
libglx-mesa0:arm64.triggers                    pulseaudio-utils.md5sums
libgme0:arm64.list                             python2.7-dev.list
libgme0:arm64.md5sums                          python2.7-dev.md5sums
libgme0:arm64.shlibs                           python2.7.list
libgme0:arm64.symbols                          python2.7.md5sums
libgme0:arm64.triggers                         python2.7-minimal.list
libgmp10:arm64.list                            python2.7-minimal.md5sums
libgmp10:arm64.md5sums                         python2.7-minimal.postinst
libgmp10:arm64.shlibs                          python2.7-minimal.postrm
libgmp10:arm64.symbols                         python2.7-minimal.preinst
libgmp10:arm64.triggers                        python2.7-minimal.prerm
libgnutls30:arm64.list                         python2.7.postinst
libgnutls30:arm64.md5sums                      python2.7.prerm
libgnutls30:arm64.shlibs                       python2-dev.list
libgnutls30:arm64.symbols                      python2-dev.md5sums
libgnutls30:arm64.triggers                     python2.list
libgomp1:arm64.list                            python2.md5sums
libgomp1:arm64.md5sums                         python2-minimal.list
libgomp1:arm64.shlibs                          python2-minimal.md5sums
libgomp1:arm64.symbols                         python2-minimal.postinst
libgomp1:arm64.triggers                        python2-minimal.prerm
libgpg-error0:arm64.list                       python3.7-dev.list
libgpg-error0:arm64.md5sums                    python3.7-dev.md5sums
libgpg-error0:arm64.shlibs                     python3.7-dev.postinst
libgpg-error0:arm64.symbols                    python3.7.list
libgpg-error0:arm64.triggers                   python3.7.md5sums
libgpm2:arm64.list                             python3.7-minimal.list
libgpm2:arm64.md5sums                          python3.7-minimal.md5sums
libgpm2:arm64.shlibs                           python3.7-minimal.postinst
libgpm2:arm64.symbols                          python3.7-minimal.postrm
libgpm2:arm64.triggers                         python3.7-minimal.preinst
libgraphene-1.0-0:arm64.list                   python3.7-minimal.prerm
libgraphene-1.0-0:arm64.md5sums                python3.7.postinst
libgraphene-1.0-0:arm64.shlibs                 python3.7.prerm
libgraphene-1.0-0:arm64.symbols                python3-apt.list
libgraphene-1.0-0:arm64.triggers               python3-apt.md5sums
libgraphite2-3:arm64.list                      python3-apt.postinst
libgraphite2-3:arm64.md5sums                   python3-apt.prerm
libgraphite2-3:arm64.shlibs                    python3-cairo:arm64.list
libgraphite2-3:arm64.triggers                  python3-cairo:arm64.md5sums
libgsm1:arm64.list                             python3-cairo:arm64.postinst
libgsm1:arm64.md5sums                          python3-cairo:arm64.prerm
libgsm1:arm64.shlibs                           python3-certifi.list
libgsm1:arm64.symbols                          python3-certifi.md5sums
libgsm1:arm64.triggers                         python3-certifi.postinst
libgssapi-krb5-2:arm64.list                    python3-certifi.prerm
libgssapi-krb5-2:arm64.md5sums                 python3-chardet.list
libgssapi-krb5-2:arm64.postinst                python3-chardet.md5sums
libgssapi-krb5-2:arm64.postrm                  python3-chardet.postinst
libgssapi-krb5-2:arm64.shlibs                  python3-chardet.prerm
libgssapi-krb5-2:arm64.symbols                 python3-dbus.list
libgssapi-krb5-2:arm64.triggers                python3-dbus.md5sums
libgstreamer1.0-0:arm64.list                   python3-dbus.postinst
libgstreamer1.0-0:arm64.md5sums                python3-dbus.prerm
libgstreamer1.0-0:arm64.postinst               python3-debconf.list
libgstreamer1.0-0:arm64.shlibs                 python3-debconf.md5sums
libgstreamer1.0-0:arm64.symbols                python3-debconf.postinst
libgstreamer1.0-0:arm64.triggers               python3-debconf.prerm
libgstreamer-gl1.0-0:arm64.list                python3-debianbts.list
libgstreamer-gl1.0-0:arm64.md5sums             python3-debianbts.md5sums
libgstreamer-gl1.0-0:arm64.shlibs              python3-debianbts.postinst
libgstreamer-gl1.0-0:arm64.symbols             python3-debianbts.prerm
libgstreamer-gl1.0-0:arm64.triggers            python3-debian.list
libgstreamer-plugins-bad1.0-0:arm64.list       python3-debian.md5sums
libgstreamer-plugins-bad1.0-0:arm64.md5sums    python3-debian.postinst
libgstreamer-plugins-bad1.0-0:arm64.shlibs     python3-debian.prerm
libgstreamer-plugins-bad1.0-0:arm64.triggers   python3-dev.list
libgstreamer-plugins-base1.0-0:arm64.list      python3-dev.md5sums
libgstreamer-plugins-base1.0-0:arm64.md5sums   python3-distro-info.list
libgstreamer-plugins-base1.0-0:arm64.shlibs    python3-distro-info.md5sums
libgstreamer-plugins-base1.0-0:arm64.symbols   python3-distro-info.postinst
libgstreamer-plugins-base1.0-0:arm64.triggers  python3-distro-info.prerm
libgtk-3-0:arm64.list                          python3-distutils.list
libgtk-3-0:arm64.md5sums                       python3-distutils.md5sums
libgtk-3-0:arm64.postinst                      python3-distutils.postinst
libgtk-3-0:arm64.postrm                        python3-distutils.prerm
libgtk-3-0:arm64.shlibs                        python3-edgetpuvision.list
libgtk-3-0:arm64.symbols                       python3-edgetpuvision.md5sums
libgtk-3-0:arm64.triggers                      python3-edgetpuvision.postinst
libgtk-3-common.conffiles                      python3-edgetpuvision.prerm
libgtk-3-common.list                           python3-gi-cairo.list
libgtk-3-common.md5sums                        python3-gi-cairo.md5sums
libgudev-1.0-0:arm64.list                      python3-gi.list
libgudev-1.0-0:arm64.md5sums                   python3-gi.md5sums
libgudev-1.0-0:arm64.shlibs                    python3-gi.postinst
libgudev-1.0-0:arm64.symbols                   python3-gi.prerm
libgudev-1.0-0:arm64.triggers                  python3-gst-1.0.list
libharfbuzz0b:arm64.list                       python3-gst-1.0.md5sums
libharfbuzz0b:arm64.md5sums                    python3-gst-1.0.postinst
libharfbuzz0b:arm64.shlibs                     python3-gst-1.0.prerm
libharfbuzz0b:arm64.symbols                    python3-gst-1.0.shlibs
libharfbuzz0b:arm64.triggers                   python3-gst-1.0.triggers
libhavege1:arm64.list                          python3-httplib2.list
libhavege1:arm64.md5sums                       python3-httplib2.md5sums
libhavege1:arm64.shlibs                        python3-httplib2.postinst
libhavege1:arm64.symbols                       python3-httplib2.prerm
libhavege1:arm64.triggers                      python3-idna.list
libhogweed4:arm64.list                         python3-idna.md5sums
libhogweed4:arm64.md5sums                      python3-idna.postinst
libhogweed4:arm64.shlibs                       python3-idna.prerm
libhogweed4:arm64.symbols                      python3-jwt.list
libhogweed4:arm64.triggers                     python3-jwt.md5sums
libi2c0:arm64.list                             python3-jwt.postinst
libi2c0:arm64.md5sums                          python3-jwt.prerm
libi2c0:arm64.shlibs                           python3-lib2to3.list
libi2c0:arm64.triggers                         python3-lib2to3.md5sums
libice6:arm64.list                             python3-lib2to3.postinst
libice6:arm64.md5sums                          python3-lib2to3.prerm
libice6:arm64.shlibs                           python3.list
libice6:arm64.triggers                         python3.md5sums
libicu63:arm64.list                            python3-minimal.list
libicu63:arm64.md5sums                         python3-minimal.md5sums
libicu63:arm64.shlibs                          python3-minimal.postinst
libicu63:arm64.triggers                        python3-minimal.prerm
libidn11:arm64.list                            python3-netifaces.list
libidn11:arm64.md5sums                         python3-netifaces.md5sums
libidn11:arm64.shlibs                          python3-numpy.list
libidn11:arm64.symbols                         python3-numpy.md5sums
libidn11:arm64.triggers                        python3-numpy.postinst
libidn2-0:arm64.list                           python3-numpy.prerm
libidn2-0:arm64.md5sums                        python3-opengl.list
libidn2-0:arm64.shlibs                         python3-opengl.md5sums
libidn2-0:arm64.symbols                        python3-opengl.postinst
libidn2-0:arm64.triggers                       python3-opengl.prerm
libiec61883-0:arm64.list                       python3-pil:arm64.list
libiec61883-0:arm64.md5sums                    python3-pil:arm64.md5sums
libiec61883-0:arm64.shlibs                     python3-pil:arm64.postinst
libiec61883-0:arm64.symbols                    python3-pil:arm64.prerm
libiec61883-0:arm64.triggers                   python3-pip.list
libilmbase23:arm64.list                        python3-pip.md5sums
libilmbase23:arm64.md5sums                     python3-pip.postinst
libilmbase23:arm64.shlibs                      python3-pip.prerm
libilmbase23:arm64.triggers                    python3-pkg-resources.list
libimagequant0:arm64.list                      python3-pkg-resources.md5sums
libimagequant0:arm64.md5sums                   python3-pkg-resources.postinst
libimagequant0:arm64.shlibs                    python3-pkg-resources.prerm
libimagequant0:arm64.symbols                   python3.postinst
libimagequant0:arm64.triggers                  python3.postrm
libinput10:arm64.list                          python3.preinst
libinput10:arm64.md5sums                       python3.prerm
libinput10:arm64.shlibs                        python3-protobuf.list
libinput10:arm64.symbols                       python3-protobuf.md5sums
libinput10:arm64.triggers                      python3-protobuf.postinst
libinput-bin.list                              python3-protobuf.prerm
libinput-bin.md5sums                           python3-pycoral.list
libio-string-perl.list                         python3-pycoral.md5sums
libio-string-perl.md5sums                      python3-pycoral.postinst
libip4tc0:arm64.list                           python3-pycoral.prerm
libip4tc0:arm64.md5sums                        python3-pycurl.list
libip4tc0:arm64.shlibs                         python3-pycurl.md5sums
libip4tc0:arm64.symbols                        python3-pycurl.postinst
libip4tc0:arm64.triggers                       python3-pycurl.prerm
libip6tc0:arm64.list                           python3-pysimplesoap.list
libip6tc0:arm64.md5sums                        python3-pysimplesoap.md5sums
libip6tc0:arm64.shlibs                         python3-pysimplesoap.postinst
libip6tc0:arm64.symbols                        python3-pysimplesoap.prerm
libip6tc0:arm64.triggers                       python3-reportbug.list
libiptc0:arm64.list                            python3-reportbug.md5sums
libiptc0:arm64.md5sums                         python3-reportbug.postinst
libiptc0:arm64.shlibs                          python3-reportbug.prerm
libiptc0:arm64.symbols                         python3-requests.list
libiptc0:arm64.triggers                        python3-requests.md5sums
libisc1100:arm64.list                          python3-requests.postinst
libisc1100:arm64.md5sums                       python3-requests.prerm
libisc1100:arm64.shlibs                        python3-serial.list
libisc1100:arm64.symbols                       python3-serial.md5sums
libisc1100:arm64.triggers                      python3-serial.postinst
libisccc161:arm64.list                         python3-serial.prerm
libisccc161:arm64.md5sums                      python3-setuptools.list
libisccc161:arm64.shlibs                       python3-setuptools.md5sums
libisccc161:arm64.symbols                      python3-setuptools.postinst
libisccc161:arm64.triggers                     python3-setuptools.prerm
libisccfg163:arm64.list                        python3-six.list
libisccfg163:arm64.md5sums                     python3-six.md5sums
libisccfg163:arm64.shlibs                      python3-six.postinst
libisccfg163:arm64.symbols                     python3-six.prerm
libisccfg163:arm64.triggers                    python3-software-properties.list
libisc-export1100:arm64.list                   python3-software-properties.md5sums
libisc-export1100:arm64.md5sums                python3-software-properties.postinst
libisc-export1100:arm64.shlibs                 python3-software-properties.prerm
libisc-export1100:arm64.triggers               python3-tflite-runtime.list
libisl19:arm64.list                            python3-tflite-runtime.md5sums
libisl19:arm64.md5sums                         python3-tflite-runtime.postinst
libisl19:arm64.shlibs                          python3-tflite-runtime.prerm
libisl19:arm64.symbols                         python3-urllib3.list
libisl19:arm64.triggers                        python3-urllib3.md5sums
libitm1:arm64.list                             python3-urllib3.postinst
libitm1:arm64.md5sums                          python3-urllib3.prerm
libitm1:arm64.shlibs                           python3-wheel.list
libitm1:arm64.symbols                          python3-wheel.md5sums
libitm1:arm64.triggers                         python3-wheel.postinst
libiw30:arm64.list                             python3-wheel.prerm
libiw30:arm64.md5sums                          python-apt-common.list
libiw30:arm64.shlibs                           python-apt-common.md5sums
libiw30:arm64.triggers                         python-dev.list
libjack-jackd2-0:arm64.list                    python-dev.md5sums
libjack-jackd2-0:arm64.md5sums                 python.list
libjack-jackd2-0:arm64.shlibs                  python.md5sums
libjack-jackd2-0:arm64.triggers                python-minimal.list
libjansson4:arm64.list                         python-minimal.md5sums
libjansson4:arm64.md5sums                      python-pip-whl.list
libjansson4:arm64.shlibs                       python-pip-whl.md5sums
libjansson4:arm64.symbols                      python.postinst
libjansson4:arm64.triggers                     python.postrm
libjbig0:arm64.list                            python.preinst
libjbig0:arm64.md5sums                         python.prerm
libjbig0:arm64.shlibs                          readline-common.list
libjbig0:arm64.symbols                         readline-common.md5sums
libjbig0:arm64.triggers                        readline-common.postinst
libjpeg62-turbo:arm64.list                     readline-common.postrm
libjpeg62-turbo:arm64.md5sums                  reportbug.conffiles
libjpeg62-turbo:arm64.shlibs                   reportbug.list
libjpeg62-turbo:arm64.symbols                  reportbug.md5sums
libjpeg62-turbo:arm64.triggers                 rsync.conffiles
libjson-c3:arm64.list                          rsync.list
libjson-c3:arm64.md5sums                       rsync.md5sums
libjson-c3:arm64.shlibs                        rsync.postinst
libjson-c3:arm64.symbols                       rsync.postrm
libjson-c3:arm64.triggers                      rsync.prerm
libjson-glib-1.0-0:arm64.list                  rsyslog.conffiles
libjson-glib-1.0-0:arm64.md5sums               rsyslog.list
libjson-glib-1.0-0:arm64.shlibs                rsyslog.md5sums
libjson-glib-1.0-0:arm64.symbols               rsyslog.postinst
libjson-glib-1.0-0:arm64.triggers              rsyslog.postrm
libjson-glib-1.0-common.list                   rsyslog.preinst
libjson-glib-1.0-common.md5sums                rsyslog.prerm
libk5crypto3:arm64.list                        rsyslog.triggers
libk5crypto3:arm64.md5sums                     runc.list
libk5crypto3:arm64.shlibs                      runc.md5sums
libk5crypto3:arm64.symbols                     runonce.list
libk5crypto3:arm64.triggers                    runonce.md5sums
libkate1:arm64.list                            runonce.postinst
libkate1:arm64.md5sums                         runonce.postrm
libkate1:arm64.shlibs                          runonce.prerm
libkate1:arm64.symbols                         sed.list
libkate1:arm64.triggers                        sed.md5sums
libkeyutils1:arm64.list                        sensible-utils.list
libkeyutils1:arm64.md5sums                     sensible-utils.md5sums
libkeyutils1:arm64.shlibs                      shared-mime-info.list
libkeyutils1:arm64.symbols                     shared-mime-info.md5sums
libkeyutils1:arm64.triggers                    shared-mime-info.postinst
libkmod2:arm64.list                            shared-mime-info.postrm
libkmod2:arm64.md5sums                         shared-mime-info.triggers
libkmod2:arm64.shlibs                          software-properties-common.conffiles
libkmod2:arm64.symbols                         software-properties-common.list
libkmod2:arm64.triggers                        software-properties-common.md5sums
libkrb5-3:arm64.list                           software-properties-common.postinst
libkrb5-3:arm64.md5sums                        software-properties-common.prerm
libkrb5-3:arm64.shlibs                         sudo.conffiles
libkrb5-3:arm64.symbols                        sudo.list
libkrb5-3:arm64.triggers                       sudo.md5sums
libkrb5support0:arm64.list                     sudo.postinst
libkrb5support0:arm64.md5sums                  sudo.postrm
libkrb5support0:arm64.shlibs                   sudo.preinst
libkrb5support0:arm64.symbols                  sudo.prerm
libkrb5support0:arm64.triggers                 systemd.conffiles
libksba8:arm64.list                            systemd.list
libksba8:arm64.md5sums                         systemd.md5sums
libksba8:arm64.shlibs                          systemd.postinst
libksba8:arm64.symbols                         systemd.postrm
libksba8:arm64.triggers                        systemd.preinst
liblapack3:arm64.list                          systemd.prerm
liblapack3:arm64.md5sums                       systemd-sysv.list
liblapack3:arm64.postinst                      systemd-sysv.md5sums
liblapack3:arm64.preinst                       systemd-sysv.postinst
liblapack3:arm64.prerm                         systemd.triggers
liblapack3:arm64.shlibs                        sysvinit-utils.list
liblcms2-2:arm64.list                          sysvinit-utils.md5sums
liblcms2-2:arm64.md5sums                       tar.list
liblcms2-2:arm64.shlibs                        tar.md5sums
liblcms2-2:arm64.symbols                       tar.postinst
liblcms2-2:arm64.triggers                      tar.prerm
libldap-2.4-2:arm64.list                       tasksel-data.list
libldap-2.4-2:arm64.md5sums                    tasksel-data.md5sums
libldap-2.4-2:arm64.shlibs                     tasksel-data.postinst
libldap-2.4-2:arm64.symbols                    tasksel.list
libldap-2.4-2:arm64.triggers                   tasksel.md5sums
libldap-common.conffiles                       tasksel.postinst
libldap-common.list                            tasksel.postrm
libldap-common.md5sums                         tasksel.templates
libllvm7:arm64.list                            telnet.list
libllvm7:arm64.md5sums                         telnet.md5sums
libllvm7:arm64.shlibs                          telnet.postinst
libllvm7:arm64.triggers                        telnet.postrm
liblmdb0:arm64.list                            telnet.prerm
liblmdb0:arm64.md5sums                         tf-a.list
liblmdb0:arm64.shlibs                          tf-a.md5sums
liblmdb0:arm64.symbols                         tini.list
liblmdb0:arm64.triggers                        tini.md5sums
liblocale-gettext-perl.list                    traceroute.list
liblocale-gettext-perl.md5sums                 traceroute.md5sums
liblockfile-bin.list                           traceroute.postinst
liblockfile-bin.md5sums                        traceroute.prerm
liblognorm5:arm64.list                         tzdata.config
liblognorm5:arm64.md5sums                      tzdata.list
liblognorm5:arm64.shlibs                       tzdata.md5sums
liblognorm5:arm64.symbols                      tzdata.postinst
liblognorm5:arm64.triggers                     tzdata.postrm
liblsan0:arm64.list                            tzdata.templates
liblsan0:arm64.md5sums                         ucf.conffiles
liblsan0:arm64.shlibs                          ucf.list
liblsan0:arm64.symbols                         ucf.md5sums
liblsan0:arm64.triggers                        ucf.postinst
libltdl7:arm64.list                            ucf.postrm
libltdl7:arm64.md5sums                         ucf.preinst
libltdl7:arm64.shlibs                          ucf.templates
libltdl7:arm64.triggers                        udev.conffiles
liblwres161:arm64.list                         udev.list
liblwres161:arm64.md5sums                      udev.md5sums
liblwres161:arm64.shlibs                       udev.postinst
liblwres161:arm64.symbols                      udev.postrm
liblwres161:arm64.triggers                     udev.preinst
liblz4-1:arm64.list                            udev.prerm
liblz4-1:arm64.md5sums                         udev.triggers
liblz4-1:arm64.shlibs                          unattended-upgrades.conffiles
liblz4-1:arm64.symbols                         unattended-upgrades.config
liblz4-1:arm64.triggers                        unattended-upgrades.list
liblzma5:arm64.list                            unattended-upgrades.md5sums
liblzma5:arm64.md5sums                         unattended-upgrades.postinst
liblzma5:arm64.shlibs                          unattended-upgrades.postrm
liblzma5:arm64.symbols                         unattended-upgrades.preinst
liblzma5:arm64.triggers                        unattended-upgrades.prerm
libmagic1:arm64.conffiles                      unattended-upgrades.templates
libmagic1:arm64.list                           unzip.list
libmagic1:arm64.md5sums                        unzip.md5sums
libmagic1:arm64.shlibs                         unzip.postinst
libmagic1:arm64.symbols                        unzip.postrm
libmagic1:arm64.triggers                       usb-gadget.conffiles
libmagic-mgc.list                              usb-gadget.list
libmagic-mgc.md5sums                           usb-gadget.md5sums
libmdp-prot.list                               usb-gadget.postinst
libmdp-prot.md5sums                            usb-gadget.postrm
libmm-glib0:arm64.list                         usb-gadget.prerm
libmm-glib0:arm64.md5sums                      usb.ids.list
libmm-glib0:arm64.shlibs                       usb.ids.md5sums
libmm-glib0:arm64.symbols                      usbutils.list
libmm-glib0:arm64.triggers                     usbutils.md5sums
libmms0:arm64.list                             util-linux.conffiles
libmms0:arm64.md5sums                          util-linux.list
libmms0:arm64.shlibs                           util-linux.md5sums
libmms0:arm64.symbols                          util-linux.postinst
libmms0:arm64.triggers                         util-linux.postrm
libmnl0:arm64.list                             util-linux.prerm
libmnl0:arm64.md5sums                          v4l-utils.list
libmnl0:arm64.shlibs                           v4l-utils.md5sums
libmnl0:arm64.symbols                          vim-common.conffiles
libmnl0:arm64.triggers                         vim-common.list
libmodplug1:arm64.list                         vim-common.md5sums
libmodplug1:arm64.md5sums                      vim-common.postinst
libmodplug1:arm64.shlibs                       vim-common.postrm
libmodplug1:arm64.symbols                      vim-common.preinst
libmodplug1:arm64.triggers                     vim-common.prerm
libmount1:arm64.list                           vim.list
libmount1:arm64.md5sums                        vim.md5sums
libmount1:arm64.shlibs                         vim.postinst
libmount1:arm64.symbols                        vim.postrm
libmount1:arm64.triggers                       vim.preinst
libmp3lame0:arm64.list                         vim.prerm
libmp3lame0:arm64.md5sums                      vim-runtime.list
libmp3lame0:arm64.shlibs                       vim-runtime.md5sums
libmp3lame0:arm64.symbols                      vim-runtime.postinst
libmp3lame0:arm64.triggers                     vim-runtime.postrm
libmpc3:arm64.list                             vim-runtime.preinst
libmpc3:arm64.md5sums                          vitalsd.list
libmpc3:arm64.shlibs                           vitalsd.md5sums
libmpc3:arm64.triggers                         vitalsd.postinst
libmpcdec6:arm64.list                          vitalsd.postrm
libmpcdec6:arm64.md5sums                       vitalsd.prerm
libmpcdec6:arm64.shlibs                        wamerican.config
libmpcdec6:arm64.triggers                      wamerican.list
libmpdec2:arm64.list                           wamerican.md5sums
libmpdec2:arm64.md5sums                        wamerican.postinst
libmpdec2:arm64.shlibs                         wamerican.postrm
libmpdec2:arm64.symbols                        wamerican.templates
libmpdec2:arm64.triggers                       wayland-protocols.list
libmpeg2-4:arm64.list                          wayland-protocols.md5sums
libmpeg2-4:arm64.md5sums                       weston-mtk.conffiles
libmpeg2-4:arm64.shlibs                        weston-mtk.list
libmpeg2-4:arm64.triggers                      weston-mtk.md5sums
libmpfr6:arm64.list                            weston-mtk.postinst
libmpfr6:arm64.md5sums                         weston-mtk.postrm
libmpfr6:arm64.shlibs                          weston-mtk.prerm
libmpfr6:arm64.symbols                         weston-mtk.shlibs
libmpfr6:arm64.triggers                        weston-mtk.triggers
libmpg123-0:arm64.list                         wget.conffiles
libmpg123-0:arm64.md5sums                      wget.list
libmpg123-0:arm64.shlibs                       wget.md5sums
libmpg123-0:arm64.symbols                      whiptail.list
libmpg123-0:arm64.triggers                     whiptail.md5sums
libmtdev1:arm64.list                           whiptail.preinst
libmtdev1:arm64.md5sums                        wireless-regdb.list
libmtdev1:arm64.shlibs                         wireless-regdb.md5sums
libmtdev1:arm64.symbols                        wireless-tools.conffiles
libmtdev1:arm64.triggers                       wireless-tools.list
libncurses6:arm64.list                         wireless-tools.md5sums
libncurses6:arm64.md5sums                      wireless-tools.postinst
libncurses6:arm64.shlibs                       wireless-tools.preinst
libncurses6:arm64.symbols                      wpasupplicant.conffiles
libncurses6:arm64.triggers                     wpasupplicant.list
libncursesw6:arm64.list                        wpasupplicant.md5sums
libncursesw6:arm64.md5sums                     wpasupplicant.postinst
libncursesw6:arm64.shlibs                      wpasupplicant.postrm
libncursesw6:arm64.symbols                     wpasupplicant.prerm
libncursesw6:arm64.triggers                    x11-common.conffiles
libndp0:arm64.list                             x11-common.list
libndp0:arm64.md5sums                          x11-common.md5sums
libndp0:arm64.shlibs                           x11-common.postinst
libndp0:arm64.symbols                          x11-common.postrm
libndp0:arm64.triggers                         x11-common.prerm
libnetfilter-conntrack3:arm64.list             x11proto-core-dev.list
libnetfilter-conntrack3:arm64.md5sums          x11proto-core-dev.md5sums
libnetfilter-conntrack3:arm64.shlibs           x11proto-damage-dev.list
libnetfilter-conntrack3:arm64.triggers         x11proto-damage-dev.md5sums
libnettle6:arm64.list                          x11proto-dev.list
libnettle6:arm64.md5sums                       x11proto-dev.md5sums
libnettle6:arm64.shlibs                        x11proto-fixes-dev.list
libnettle6:arm64.symbols                       x11proto-fixes-dev.md5sums
libnettle6:arm64.triggers                      x11proto-xext-dev.list
libnewt0.52:arm64.list                         x11proto-xext-dev.md5sums
libnewt0.52:arm64.md5sums                      x11proto-xf86vidmode-dev.list
libnewt0.52:arm64.preinst                      x11proto-xf86vidmode-dev.md5sums
libnewt0.52:arm64.shlibs                       x11-xkb-utils.list
libnewt0.52:arm64.triggers                     x11-xkb-utils.md5sums
libnfnetlink0:arm64.list                       xdg-user-dirs.conffiles
libnfnetlink0:arm64.md5sums                    xdg-user-dirs.list
libnfnetlink0:arm64.shlibs                     xdg-user-dirs.md5sums
libnfnetlink0:arm64.triggers                   xdg-user-dirs.postinst
libnftnl11:arm64.list                          xdg-user-dirs.postrm
libnftnl11:arm64.md5sums                       xdg-user-dirs.preinst
libnftnl11:arm64.shlibs                        xdg-user-dirs.prerm
libnftnl11:arm64.symbols                       xkb-data.list
libnftnl11:arm64.triggers                      xkb-data.md5sums
libnghttp2-14:arm64.list                       xorg-sgml-doctools.list
libnghttp2-14:arm64.md5sums                    xorg-sgml-doctools.md5sums
libnghttp2-14:arm64.shlibs                     xserver-common.list
libnghttp2-14:arm64.symbols                    xserver-common.md5sums
libnghttp2-14:arm64.triggers                   xtrans-dev.list
libnl-3-200:arm64.conffiles                    xtrans-dev.md5sums
libnl-3-200:arm64.list                         xwayland.list
libnl-3-200:arm64.md5sums                      xwayland.md5sums
libnl-3-200:arm64.shlibs                       xxd.list
libnl-3-200:arm64.symbols                      xxd.md5sums
libnl-3-200:arm64.triggers                     xz-utils.list
libnl-genl-3-200:arm64.list                    xz-utils.md5sums
libnl-genl-3-200:arm64.md5sums                 xz-utils.postinst
libnl-genl-3-200:arm64.shlibs                  xz-utils.prerm
libnl-genl-3-200:arm64.symbols                 zlib1g:arm64.list
libnl-genl-3-200:arm64.triggers                zlib1g:arm64.md5sums
libnl-route-3-200:arm64.list                   zlib1g:arm64.shlibs
libnl-route-3-200:arm64.md5sums                zlib1g:arm64.symbols
libnl-route-3-200:arm64.shlibs                 zlib1g:arm64.triggers
libnl-route-3-200:arm64.symbols                zlib1g-dev:arm64.list
libnl-route-3-200:arm64.triggers               zlib1g-dev:arm64.md5sums
libnm0:arm64.list